2 b) Gold/silver trading overnight Europe, Goldcore 
(Mark O’Byrne/zerohedge 
3c FRBNY gold movement report 
(Harvey) 3. ASIAN AFFAIRS 
i) Late TUESDAY night/WEDNESDAY morning: Shanghai closed DOWN 19.7 POINTS OR 0.63%/ /Hang Sang closed DOWN 336.57 OR 1.45%. The Nikkei closed DOWN 307.72 POINTS OR 1.76% Australia’s all ordinaires CLOSED DOWN 1.19% /Chinese yuan (ONSHORE) closed UP at 6.7611/Oil FELL to 45.96 dollars per barrel for WTI and 47.45 for Brent. Stocks in Europe: ALL IN THE RED Offshore yuan trades 6.7652 yuan to the dollar vs 6.7611 for onshore yuan. 
THE SPREAD BETWEEN ONSHORE AND OFFSHORE NARROWS QUITE A BIT AS MORE USA DOLLARS ATTEMPT TO LEAVE CHINA’S SHORES / CHINA SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE USA TO NOT RAISE RATES IN DECEMBER. REPORT ON JAPAN SOUTH KOREA NORTH KOREA AND CHINA 3a)THAILAND/SOUTH KOREA 
i)Deutsche bank stock is falling along with with rising credit default swaps 
( zero hedge) 
ii)Strange one!! Deutsche bank’s chief economist Landau accuses the ECB of creating asset bubbles and most importantly expropriating savers plus other goodies as they come clean. 
They must be hurting real bad… 
( zero hedge/Deutsche bank/Landau) 5. RUSSIAN AND MIDDLE EASTERN AFFAIRS 
none today 6.GLOBAL ISSUES 
i)As a proxy for the upcoming election, the fall in the Peso is a good sign that Hillary is in trouble at the polls 
( zero hedge) 
ii) Another humourous story from the Philippines. After Duterte used much vulgar language against the USA, the Americans decided to stop shipments to them. He again called the Americans: “Monkeys” 
( zero hedge) 7.OIL ISSUES 
Last night we got a huge inventory build from API. Today from DOE also confirms a huge buildup. Oil retreats: 
(courtesy zero hedge) 
Venezuela’s currency disintegrates by 20% in just one week. Hyperinflation rages on 
( zero hedge) 9.PHYSICAL STORIES 
i)The CME is to start London gold contracts in total competition with ICE and LME .. Too many folks are abandoning the manipulated USA gold forum 
( Bloomberg/GATA) 
ii)The story behind the huge Grasberg mine 
( The Guardian from London) 

iii) Silver’s rise is showing that there is a real flight to safety going on 
(courtesy Dave Kranzler/IRD) 10.USA STORIES WHICH MAY INFLUENCE THE PRICE OF GOLD/SILVER 
i) We now have 5 separate FBI cases probing the Hillary-Bill Clinton inner circle: 
Here is the background on those 5 cases and all of the major players that we are going to cover. 
(the Daily Mail) 
ii)Trump and Hillary are basically tied in latest ABC poll 
( zero hedge) 
iii)Citibank states what even if Hillary wins the election, it will be marked by continuous investigations and an impeachment risk. 
( Citibank/zerohedge) 
iv) a. The Dept of Justice guy, Peter Kadzik who is leading the investigation into the Clinton scandals has now been exposed with colluding with the Clinton campaign. What a mess!! Yesterday, in my commentary I wrote that this was this biggest conflict of interest possible and it has now become reality. 
( zero hedge) 

iv b. The DOJ responds: finds nothing wrong..so move on…Kadzik is nothing but a huge conflict of interest here! 
( zerohedge) 
v)Trump now surpasses Clinton as the rats abandon ship ( Nathan McDonald/Sprott Money) 
vi)Unusual for these guys to report such a negative repot: the ADP employment sinks to its weakest level for over 2 years: 
( ADP/zero hedge) 
vii)The New York, ISM mfg index contracts for the 3rd consecutive month: 

viii)The Fed holds again but states that the rate hike in December “strengthens” 
( zero hedge) Let us head over to the comex: 
The total gold comex open interest ROSE BY 12,920 CONTRACTS to an OI level of 521,506 as the price of gold ROSE $14.90 with YESTERDAY’S trading.The bankers were on full alert supplying the necessary non backed gold paper keeping the gold price contained.In the front month of November we had 494 notices standing for a GAIN of 19 contracts. We had 13 notices served upon yesterday so we GAINED 32 contracts or 3200 ADDITIONAL oz will stand for delivery in November. The next contract month and the biggest of the year is December and here this month showed a increase of 8,987 contracts up to 369,645. Today, we had 381 notice(s) filed for 38,100 oz of gold.",1
19,Chuck Todd: ’BuzzFeed Did Donald Trump a Political Favor’ - Breitbart,Jeff Poor,"Wednesday after   Donald Trump’s press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, NBC “Meet the Press” moderator Chuck Todd expressed his exasperation over the normalcy of what he called a “circus” surrounding Trump’s event.  “I was struck big picture wise which is of how normal a circus is now to us,” Todd said. “This was a circus. We’ve never seen a   a transition like we saw today where the press conference gets interrupted, you have a lawyer in here. The lawyer does half legal talk, half political spin. I’ve never seen that, using the lawyer to say he’s here to make America great again, and by the way I’m going to play constitutional lawyer. I don’t think this but clearly a constitutional lawyer told us we better not accept any of this money. So they made that exception. So I am struck at how normal crazy looked to us today. This was just a crazy scene, but this is the norm of Donald Trump. And in fact, this is where he’s most comfortable. And I will say this. just as a political show. if you’re Donald Trump, you want these press conferences because it made the press look disjointed, unorganized, all this stuff. And his people, you know, he just, it was a performance for his supporters and his people. ” Later in the segment, Todd decried what he saw as elements within the intelligence community being at odds with one another, then called a story put out by BuzzFeed a night earlier suggesting Trump had ties to Russia to be a “political favor. ” “Look, let’s be honest here,” Todd said. “Politically BuzzFeed did Donald Trump a political favor today by doing what they did by going ahead and making it all public because it allowed them to deny a specific without having to deal with the bigger picture. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0