20. Whole grains: Whole grains are rich in soluble fiber which lowers cholesterol and risk of high blood pressure. 
For more information on eating healthy and staying fit, download your FREE 3 Weeks Flat Stomach Guide to help you improve your health and physique. And like our Facebook page . You might also like…",1
194,Death of the ‘Two-State Solution’,Consortiumnews.com,"Death of the ‘Two-State Solution’ November 16, 2016 
Exclusive: For years, anyone calling for a “one-state solution” to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict – granting equal rights to all inhabitants and thus “diluting” the “Jewish state” – was denounced as anti-Semitic. But Israel’s persistent settlement building has now left no other rational choice, notes Jonathan Marshall. 
By Jonathan Marshall 
Donald Trump’s election victory raises many unanswered questions, but it also settles a few, starting with the fate of the Israeli-Palestinian “peace process.” In the words of Israeli Education Minister and Jewish Home Party leader Naftali Bennett, “The era of a Palestinian state is over.” 
Lest anyone accuse the Israeli hardliner of wishful thinking, one need only recall candidate Trump’s insistence last spring that Israelis “really have to keep going” with settling the territories that they have occupied since 1967. Two months later, the Republican Party changed its 2012 platform to omit support for a Palestinian state and to condemn the “false notion that Israel is an occupier.”   talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as they walk across the tarmac at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv, Israel, March 20, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
Last week, a co-chair of the Trump campaign’s Israel Advisory Committee reaffirmed that the President-elect rejects Washington’s traditional view that Israel’s settlements are obstacles to peace and illegal under international law. 
The so-called “two-state solution” — creation of a Palestinian national homeland comprising the West Bank and Gaza, and coexisting with Israel — has been a longstanding axiom of official U.S. policy, accepted as well by Israel and its unofficial lobbying arm, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. 
Of late, however, the rise of extreme Jewish nationalists to power in Israel, the relentless expansion of Jewish settlements in the occupied territories, and Israel’s evident disinterest in peace negotiations have all but killed hopes for such a solution. In 2015, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared , “There will be no withdrawals” from the occupied West Bank and “no concessions” to the Palestinians. 
As Americans for Peace Now points out, “more than 40% of the West Bank is under the direct control of settlers or settlements and off-limits to Palestinians . . . Israel has taken hundreds of kilometers of the West Bank to build roads that serve the settlements, . . . dividing Palestinian cities and towns from each other, and imposing various barriers to Palestinian movement and access. . . Such settlements, and new settlement construction going on today, have the explicit goal of preventing the establishment of a Palestinian capital in East Jerusalem – which, in effect, means preventing the two-state solution.” 
Many of Israel’s staunchest allies in the United States now concede this reality. Hillary Clinton, in a private email to one of her advisers, acknowledged in 2015 that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process had become a phony “Potemkin” spectacle. Secretary of State John Kerry warned publicly that Israeli settlement-building was “imperiling the viability of a two-state solution.” 
Roger Cohen, the New York Times columnist and an ardent liberal Zionist, reported last month following a trip to Israel that the two-state idea is all but “clinically dead.” He explained: “The incorporation of all the biblical Land of Israel has advanced too far, for too long, to be reversed now.” 
Many Israeli supporters of a two-state solution now publicly admit that bitter truth. Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak accuses Netanyahu of engaging in a “messianic drive” toward “a single Jewish state, from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea.” For the current crop of right-wing leaders in Israel, the main question is whether to offer Palestinians citizenship within an expanded Israel or to remove them. 
Palestinians also concede privately that their dream of a state is dead. Said noted Palestinian pollster Khalil Shikaki, “We, Israelis and Palestinians, live in a one-state reality.” Former Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei, declared bluntly, “there will be no alternative but one state. No alternative.” 
What Path Forward? 
If a Palestinian state is truly dead, Palestinians will need to give up their decades-old nationalist aspirations, a wrenching blow that many will find hard to accept. Israelis, in turn, will need to find room in a bi-national democratic state for millions of Palestinians — roughly equal in number to Jews — an even more wrenching adjustment that many will fight to the bitter end. Liberal Zionists have warned for years that refusal to accept a Palestinian state would force Israel to choose between remaining a democratic state or a Jewish state. A map showing Israeli settlements in the Palestinian Territories. 
As former Prime Minister Barak put it , the “overarching ambition” of absorbing the occupied territories “is bound to culminate in either a single, binational state, which, within a generation, may have a Jewish minority and likely a Bosnia-like civil war, or else an apartheid reality if Palestinian residents are deprived of the right to vote. Both spell doom for the Zionist dream.” 
An apartheid-like reality already exists for Palestinians, but many Israelis and their supporters publicly rationalize it as an unfortunate but temporary necessity during a transitional period that will end with a peace settlement. By putting off determination of the final status of the occupied territories, Israel can justify subjecting Palestinians to harsh military law , seizing their land, demolishing their homes, controlling their movements, and jailing them at will rather than granting them the rights afforded to Israeli citizens. 
Israeli political scientist and former deputy mayor of Jerusalem Meron Benvenisti has been saying for years that “the whole notion of a Palestinian state . . . is a sham.” Israel has maintained the pretense of peace talks only “because it is self-serving,” he said. While talking about two states as a goal, Israeli governments continue funding the expansion of settlements. Palestinian officials, meanwhile, help enforce order in return for millions of dollars in international aid. 
But if Israeli hardliners succeed in ending the fiction of a peace process and annex the territories , “then the Palestinian struggle will inevitably be transformed from one demanding independence into a movement demanding equal rights,” says James Zogby, president of the Arab American Institute. “If this is to be the case, we may well see the day when the Palestinian citizens of Israel will emerge . . . as the new leadership of a unified Palestinian community fighting for justice and equality.” 
Such a fight will face tremendous opposition. In recent years, polls of Israeli adults show that nearly half believe Arabs should be expelled from Israel. Nearly eight in 10 believe Jews should receive preferential treatment compared to non-Jews. The Netanyahu government and Knesset are filled with overt racists. Last year, Netanyahu appointed as deputy defense minister a rabbi who asserted , “[Palestinians] are like animals, they aren’t human.” 
The Israeli peace activist and public opinion analyst Dahlia Scheindlin doesn’t minimize the hurdles, but said Palestinians may be ready to fight for their rights within Israel. “Israeli racism [is] better than Israeli occupation,” she wrote , “and they probably feel [they] can live with it as long as there are democratic foundations to demand better. Maybe for them, Israeli rule cannot possibly make their status quo worse, but at least it offers the possibility of something many of them simply lack: citizenship.” 
Democratic Rights 
Some hope is offered by the fact that several notable right-leaning Israeli politicians favor granting Palestinians full democratic rights within a greater Israel, rather than subordinating them forever under the thumb of military occupation or Jim Crow-type segregation. A section of the barrier — erected by Israeli officials to prevent the passage of Palestinians — with graffiti using President John F. Kennedy’s famous quote when facing the Berlin Wall, “Ich bin ein Berliner.” (Photo credit: Marc Venezia) 
As New Yorker editor David Remnick observed a couple of years ago, Israeli President Reuven Rivlin — a member of the rightist Likud party — has “emerged as the most prominent critic of racist rhetoric, jingoism, fundamentalism, and sectarian violence, the highest-ranking advocate among Jewish Israelis for the civil rights of the Palestinians both in Israel and in the occupied territories.” 
Rivlin visited an Arab town that had been the scene of an Israeli massacre in 1956 to apologize and “swear, in my name and that of all our descendants, that we will never act against the principle of equal rights, and we will never try and force someone from our land.” He also condemned racist fans of a Jerusalem soccer team who protested its signing of two Muslim players. 
For such sentiments, not surprisingly, Rivlin has been called a “traitor,” “rotten filth,” and even “lying little Jew” by his Israeli haters. 
But Rivlin is not alone. Moshe Arens, a former Likud leader, minister of defense and foreign affairs, and ambassador to the United States, supports giving Palestinians in the West Bank the right to vote in Israeli elections. The key to preserving Israeli democracy, he wrote in 2010, will be making them feel at home in the state of Israel, “enjoying not only equality of rights but also equality of opportunities.” 
It will take a minor miracle to persuade the Israeli public to risk broadening their democracy to incorporate millions of Palestinians, but the longer the unsupportable status quo prevails, the less likely it becomes that any Israelis will enjoy the democratic and civil rights they have long known. Israel’s media is under assault from the government , leading Freedom House to downgrade its assessment of the country’s press from “free” to “partly free.” Israeli peace activists and NGOs face constant harassment and persecution . Rightist demonstrators routinely chant “Death to Arabs.” 
Former Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, a member of the Likud Party, recently declared , “The leadership of Israel in 2016 is busy with inflaming passions and causing fear between Jews and Arabs, between right and left and between different ethnic groups in order to survive in power.” 
And Ilan Baruch, Israel’s former ambassador to South Africa, said , “Netanyahu is pushing Israeli democracy to the brink. . . This is the most right-wing government in the country’s history, which has no qualms about taking tactical and strategic steps in the media, education, and culture in order to ensure Netanyahu’s permanent rule. To do that, the government sows racist divisions . . . slanders and preaches hatred for the Other — be they Arab citizens of Israel, Palestinians, African refugees, or human rights activists.” 
Still, with the pretense of a two-state solution shattered by Trump’s victory and Netanyahu’s open intransigence, supporters of Israeli democracy and Palestinian rights can finally begin an unblinkered discussion of how to achieve a genuine accommodation between those two peoples in a common land. 
In the words of Sandy Tolan, author of the international bestseller The Lemon Tree , “Now, at least, there is an opportunity to lay the foundations for some newer kind of solution grounded in human rights, freedom of movement, complete cessation of settlement building, and equal access to land, water, and places of worship. It will have to be based on a new reality, which Israel and the United States have had such a hand in creating. Think of it as the one-state solution.”",1
195,"Watch: Police viciously attack, arrest peaceful protesters at DAPL including children and the elderly",nan,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 13:29 UTC © The Free Thought Project Dramatic video from Intercept reporter, Jihan Hafiz , was released this week from the Dakota Access Pipeline protests showing a full on assault by militarized police on peaceful people. The video is from Saturday but took several days to be released as cops confiscated the camera used to film it. The video was taken as water protectors and reporters covering the protests marched toward the construction site. However, their peaceful walk was swiftly interrupted by militarized shock troops armed with massive cans of pepper spray, batons, rubber bullets, and assault rifles. According to Hafiz, the march was undertaken in solidarity with several protesters who had chained themselves to bulldozers and pipeline machinery at the construction site. But the marchers never made it to their destination. Instead, they were attacked by police forces who used pepper spray and beat protesters with batons. Dozens of officers, backed by military trucks, police vans, machine guns, and nonlethal weapons, violently approached the group without warning. ""Don't move, everyone is under arrest,"" a voice says from the military vehicle that appears to be equipped with a Long Range Acoustic Hailing Device, or LRAD. As protesters attempted to leave, the police surrounded them and began their attack. According to Hafiz, several women were targeted for leading the march and dragged from the crowd to be arrested. Police body slammed one man and another woman's ankle was broken as she ran. The militarized police then circled the protesters in an apparent move to 'kettle' them — a tactic usually reserved for urban protests in which riot police force large crowds into corners to seemingly provoke them. However, the protesters stayed entirely peaceful. Police continued their mass arrests even though the people were trying to leave. Some natives were seen running for the hills as the assault began. One officer is seen in military camouflage with a ski mask and a tear gas grenade launcher — as if he were going to war . In total, reports Hafiz, more than 140 people were detained in half an hour. It was the largest roundup of protesters since the movement against the pipelines intensified two months ago. A majority of those arrested were charged with rioting and criminal trespass. Overall, close to 300 people have been arrested since protests against the pipeline kicked off over the summer. Among those arrested were journalists, a teen child who was also pregnant, and an elderly woman. They were all brought to the jail where protesters were forced to sit in the jail's common area as police had no other place to put them. According to Hafiz, women were strip searched, protesters were refused phone calls, and no one received food or water. One woman even had her medication confiscated by police, causing her to shake and sweat profusely. When Hafiz was finally released, she attempted to get back her camera and was told that she could not have it back. ""Your camera is being held as evidence in a crime,"" they said. In the land of the free, filming cops assault peaceful men, women, and children is considered a 'crime.' Over the past several weeks, the police state has come out in full force as Native Americans fight to protect their water sources from the threat of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Mainstream media has remained largely silent as federal, state and local authorities worked on behalf of Energy Transfer Partners to squash dissent. Even prominent journalists, like Hafiz, have found themselves targets of the State, charged with dubious ""crimes"" such as "" inciting a riot "" and "" conspiracy to theft of services "" - for doing nothing more than filming protests and the ensuing violent crackdowns. As the video below shows, the First Amendment is no obstacle when it comes to advancing the interests of the corporatocracy. Comment: We are one breath away from an all out massacre!",1
196,,Raffie,They got the heater turned up on high.,1
197,Comment on Parents on a Date Were Asleep in Car When Cops Arrived and Killed Them Both by FaceSpace,FaceSpace,"Home / Badge Abuse / Parents on a Date Were Asleep in Car When Cops Arrived and Killed Them Both Parents on a Date Were Asleep in Car When Cops Arrived and Killed Them Both Matt Agorist February 25, 2016 213 Comments 
Inglewood, CA — On Sunday, police responded to a call of a suspicious vehicle parked on Manchester Boulevard around 3:10 am. When police arrived, they engaged in a 45-minute long standoff before opening fire on the man and woman inside the vehicle, killing them both. 
In the news release on Monday, following the shooting, police claimed that the woman in the car had a gun. Scott Collins, a spokesman for the Inglewood Police Department said that the couple refused to obey the officers’ commands to exit the vehicle. The officers then feared for their safety and opened fire on the car — killing the couple. 
The woman was pronounced dead shortly after the shooting, and the man succumbed to his injuries after paramedics transported him to a local hospital, according to the LA Times. 
The shooting seemed like an open and shut case until the next day. Mayor James Butts, while responding to questions about the shooting, opened up a huge can of worms — both the man and the woman were unconscious. 
For at least 45 minutes, police attempted “to rouse” them in an effort “to de-escalate the situation,” said Butts. 
After admitting that the couple was asleep, Butts quickly defended the officers, noting, “Obviously at some point they were conscious because somebody felt threatened.” 
However, that notion has yet to be proven and is particularly unlikely due to the fact that not a single officer received so much as a scratch, nor did the couple have any reason to be violent. 
Both of the victims were parents; Kisha Michael, 31, a single mother of three sons, and Marquintan Sandlin, 32, a single father of four daughters. 
Michael’s twin sister Trisha stated the obvious when she said that it’s possible that Kisha merely passed out on the way home from their night out. 
Families for both described them as devoted parents who made arrangements for care of their children while they took a night off, according to NBC Los Angeles. 
“The police ain’t telling us nothing,” said Trisha Michael after being met with tight lips from the department. 
“He was a loving father,” said Sandlin’s sister Leandra Faulkner. “All he cared about was his girls, getting them right.” 
Of course, as is standard procedure for all those killed by police, their arrest records were released to shame them. Michael was on probation for a misdemeanor last year, and 7 years ago, Sandlin was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm in Los Angeles. 
According to his relatives, Sandlin had a ‘rough life’ but had turned it around and was working as a successful truck driver. 
Sadly, these children will now grow up knowing that their parents were taken from them by cops, scared of a sleeping couple. Share Google + Concerned Citizen 
Perhaps the mother had the gun on her lap for protection while they slept. At least they didn’t drive drunk. These parents did not deserve to die! Mary Hagerty 
Did she really have a gun, or did the cops just say that to excuse the murders of two sleeping people? Lying about weapons is a known police tactic to get out of trouble. Sometimes they go as far as to plant a weapon. Conscious 
Let’s say they had a gun. How did the police see it if they were asleep. Hmmm that makes it irrelevant John and Linda Robel 
WHO GIVES A FUCK ABOUT “DRIVING DRUNK”? IT IS DETERMINED BY AN ARBITRARY NUMBER THAT IS EXTORTED BY THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS..WE ENCOURAGE PEOPLE EVERYDAY TO ANNUL THIS POLICE STATIST HORSESHIT. A FELONY CAN BE EXPUNGED BUT NOT A FUCKING MISDOMEANOR DUI. GET A GRIP. THIS NOTHING BUT A GOVERNMENT RACKET AND PROFFITEERING OF THE DUI INDUSTRY. Kevin Burnett 
Sounds like more #blackliesmatter twits. Alan Lammle 
Sounds more like #Bluethugliesmatter twits. Duryea L. Williams 
Smh……ignorance is contagious Talisha Harris 
No where in the article talks about that movement. From the article it sounds like innocent people, who were not armed, and who were sleep were killed. Did I miss something? Anon ymous 
They may or may not have had a gun. But, having a gun is no reason for the police to shoot & kill someone. Nikkia Bailey 
Maybe they were too drunk to drive Anon ymous 
Black lives matter also! What part of that is so hard to understand? Kburnett isanidiot 
Stop being an ignorant fuckwad racist troll, Kevin Turdnett. Philip Williams Ryan Robbins 
Marie Laveaux – I’m not disagreeing with you, I just always like to see some real info before I jump to conclusions. Not just a headline. I have no idea what happened and will not put blame on either side unless I see some hard evidence. Julie Asperger 
On Los Angeles local news report they said the vehicle was stopped in the middle of Manchester Blvd not parked on the side of the road. (Both are illegal) seemed strange the way it was presented to us. This makes it even weirder. I passed by and seen there is a large memorial for them. To bad there is no video to see what really happened. 
Cops don’t like being filmed. 
For obvious reasons. Julie Asperger 
Yea I was harassed by some a few years back on Hollywood Blvd and intimidated into deleting video of them using excessive force on cooperating men. I even showed them my press ID and tried to be allowed to keep the video they said fuck the press. Kimberly Reichard Emerson 
The intelligent of us know we’re not. I can’t even comprehend what’s wrong with the people here that still believe we’re in “the land of the free and home of the brave”. It’s frightening to say the least. Shawn Soto 
This is so fucked up..Wtf is wrong with people. Why can’t any one just act right? All you fuckers carrying so much hate on race..it’s ridiculous. I’m sick of it!! An alot if peeps, an I mean alot. Are following an feeding this shit through media an all!! I hve mad love for all race in the world. Am does any one even hve a pure blood line now a days? I think not!! So don’t be fooled by just the way your skin looks!! 
We all belong to the human race. There’s no other race than that. Thom Prentice 
nice infotisments Colin Parker 
I never understood why their prior arrest recods are released, It’s not admissible in any court for a current charge so why are the police allowed to use it? Alan Lammle 
To help soften the public in their attempt to make them look like they did nothing wrong in shooting 2 people in cold blood… Gary Harryman 
Shouldn’t the records of every cop at that scene also be released? Tray Pressley 
To label them as “criminals” so they can justify the murder. MarkyMark NdaHouse 
To demonize the dead… jamesawyatt 
AS LONG AS BUREAUCRATS ARE ALLOWED TO HIRE WITH LITTLE OR NO SUPERVISION THOSE WHO SEEK TO BE EMPLOYED AS COPS, MANY OF WHOM HAVE A HISTORY OF BEING BULLIES GOING BACK THROUGH THEIR CHILDHOOD AND WHO SEEK THIS MEANS OF FURTHERING THEIR BULLYING LUST NOW ARMED WITH IMPRESSIVE UNIFORM, SHINY NEW BADGE AND DEADLY WEAPONS AND WITH THE PRESUMPTIONS THAT THEY NOW HAVE A LICENSE TO BEAT, CRIPPLE AND SHOOT WHEN EVER AND WHOM EVER THEY PLEASE, ATROCITIES ARE EXPECTED TO BE THE NORM AND WILL BE EXPECTED TO GROW AT AN EXPONENTIAL RATE. IT IS FOREVER HOPED THAT ONE OR MORE LAW FIRMS WILL COME INTO BEING THAT WILL RELENTLESSLY UNDERTAKE THE FILING OF SUITS AND NOT ONLY AGAINS THE INVOLVED JURISDICTION AND THE INDIVIDUAL ROGUE COP OR COPS BUT THOSE WHO WERE INVOLVED IN THE HIRING OF THE COP OR COPS; THE IMPRESSION ALWAYS BEING THAT THESE WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE HIRING AND THUS ARE AS GUILTY AS THE INVOLVED ROGUE COP(S) & THEY HAVE TO BE FACED WITH THE HARSH REALITY BY HAVING LEVIED AGAINST EACH AND EVERY OFFENDER HUGH AWARDS/FINES; NOT JUST ON THE JURISDICTION, I.E. THE CITY, COUNTY, STATE OR FEDS . . . BUT ALSO AGAINST EACH OF THE INDIVIDUAL INVOLVED IN THEIR BEING HIRSD . . . AS WELL AS THE ROGUE COP OR COPS THEMSELVES AS INDIVIDUALS; THE AWARDS TO BE PAID BY THE INDIVIDUALS’ BY THEIR PRORATED AWARD SHARE PAYMENT OUT OF THEIR OWN POCKETS AND ONLY A PRORATED SHARE BY THE JURISDICTION AS WHAT THE JURISDICTION PAYS WILL INVARIABLY COME OUT OF THE POCKETS OF THAT JURISDICTION’S TAX PAYERS. STIFF PENALTIES IN THE FORM OF HUGE FINANCIAL JUDGEMENT AWARDS SHOULD GO A LONG, LONG WAY IN FOSTERING AN AWARENESS BY THESE WHO HAVE ESCAPED ACCOUNTABILITY FOR SO, SO LONG OF THE POTENTIALLY VERY EXPENSIVE FOLLY OF THIS THEIR IRRESPONSIBLE ACTIONS WHICH RESULTS IN SO MUCH SUFFERING AND MANY TIME CRIPPLING INJURY AND/OR DEATH. Mary Hagerty 
I agree, but please don’t use all CAPS to write. It’s way harder to read. Roberto Carlos Moscoso 
Sadly the government insists that they want to take guns away from civilians, for only police officers have training and are responsible enough to handle guns. Yet, I’ve seen more mass shootings and innocent people dying in the hands of cops than in the hands of “irresponsible citizens”. Crazy ah? Tracy Walling Otis 
Is that true Marco Emilio Giovanni Maltese? That’s truly horrifying if so. If you have a source of those statistics, I would appreciate the link for it. I know it’s bad. I’m not denying that. But I am even more disgusted if it is that bad. :'( 
I’ve read that cops killed more than 1000 people in the USA in the last 3 years. But I’m sorry I don’t have the link, you can search and you will find it easily. I think USA people should be more scared of cops than of terrorists. Alain Vosselman 
I’m stunned.. i can no longer believe this. This is going to be talked about in the future (if we still have one) just as we talk now about Stalin’s regime… or Sadam Hussein’s…. or Pol Pot. From now on even if we discover new life 100 triljon lightyears away traveling by mega-super-freak-aliesh tech vehicles.. we’ll still be the most amazing embiciles of the universe. Aaron Beedle 
The fact that there are enough of these stories coming from america for several to be posted everyday proves how messed up the place is. I would not want to be a black person living in america today. I wouldn’t live there at all. Nothing will happen to the officers. They should be sentenced for murder, and receive a full sentence. Police officers over there intruding on people’s property and killing pets, killing people just walking down the street or washing their car. I’d i was an american the only reason i’d want to own a gun was to defend my self against police officers. Ryan Robbins 
You shouldn’t believe everything you are reading online. It’s bad right now, but it’s not nearly as bad as many are making it out to be. All of these innocent victims are not nearly as innocent as they are initially made out to be. When the truth finally comes out on most of these stories, it’s on page 6 and nobody takes the time to post it because it does not fuel there agenda to spread hate and prejudice. Aaron Beedle 
it is true everyone has agendas… im sure there are a lot of people in general dying in america.. but i know from life that the people with the power are usually the assholes. I would say that at least 80% of all male human beings struggle to handle power reasonably. females would be close too. When it is appointed rather than earned, such as when someone is called a police officer and given a weapon that can kill people with ease, people tend to not handle it well. I heard a while ago that some parts of the world do not use equipment they would not fire at themselves. And they are made to. It teaches people restraint. Christopher Rawson 
The police across America are being demonized by a sickness in the system that wants to put us against one another. That human is a human ,none of us our without fault or live life without ever feeling in over our head….possibly there is another way Tim Walker 
I suppose if “everyone” voted for that one independent/libertarian candidate, then maybe we would have a fighting chance. Sadly that will never happen. The vast majority of people have been brainwashed by the two main parties. With the division they have created they can easily put in any candidate they choose, how can anyone prove that it wasn’t predetermined? 
I just watched a news video of this story. The mayor said the couple were passed out when police arrived. “Police spent 45 minutes trying to rouse them and de-escalate the situation”. How is there a situation to de-escalate if they are passed out? 山崎 コロッケ 
Ryan said nowhere in his comment that they deserved what happened. All he said was that another source had different information. If another source has clashing info, of course one of them is going to be wrong. No need to bash him. Vanessa White 
Some groups must be trying to start to a race conflict and some are just happy with Anarchy. I would never call them for anything. They don’t seem to know who or when to shoot. Or maybe they are all amped up on steroids all the time. pitiful. I will keep the children in prayer. Blue Thugs 
All cops are cowards, never seen one that wasn’t a coward and bully. One of the cops got tired of waiting and said “gun” that was all the excuse they needed to open fire. What if that was a white couple with a gun in the car,nearly everyone has a gun on person or in the car these days. What if they have a permit or concealed carry permit. Do you fucking think the cops would have fired 62 rounds into that car and killed the white couple, well do you?. If one of the thug cops did holler gun, no one can ever say anything to contradict them. Cops know if only one side is left alive, no one can say otherwise. Better to be judged by 12 than carried by 6. That is every cops motto, as they know they are above the laws for mere mortal humans. Linda Brown 
Chickenshit Bullies This B.S. Has to stop. I belive all you say as I have been targeted in Canada. First Nations People,drunk & drive teens and pot smokers are all targets where I live. Every skin color fair game on last two. For sure these Peace Officers should be heald accountable face an open hearing ( open to public ) ” a fair trial ” and then deal with courts decision. I’m not sure if this happened to my friends it would not end in graveyard. These murders must face charges and hopefully Murder One. USN Veteran 
BT, I respect your opinion however do not fully agree with you. I do know a few LEO’s. Good stock. Adult Scout Leaders. And there was an Officer from my childhood past, whom mentored me. However, I can not defend other LEO’s actions. I firmly believe that an armed society is a polite society. 
ARIZONA STATE CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISION — Article 2, Section 26. 
“The right of the individual citizen to bear arms in defense of himself or the State shall not be impaired, but nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing individuals or corporations to organize, maintain, or employ an armed body of men.” 
Arizona respects the right of all U.S. citizens to carry a concealed handgun with or without a permit, or to carry openly while in this state. An Arizona resident permit can be obtained for the purposes of carrying concealed while in other states that offer recognition or reciprocity. 
Castle Doctrine Enacted Right to Carry Confidentiality Provisions Enacted Right to Carry in Restaurants Legal Right to Carry Laws No Permit Required Right To Carry Reciprocity and Recognition Outright Recognition Right to Keep & Bear Arms State Constitutional Provisions With Provisions 
As such, Arizona has fewer crimes per capita committed with a firearm as does California. How does extrapolate these facts? Perhaps as Arizonians have come to accept firearms as a know factor in their daily lives, whereas Californians do not. Perhaps California’s draconian laws encroach upon human mental health? Whereby inhibiting residents of the State of California to live in fear rather than confidence? 
I for one shall leave this contemptuous State, seeking solitude of which only a truly free society can bring. I shall make Arizona my final resting place. (I expect in this forum environment, there may be egregious comments to the “final resting place”). ? 
I respect all of my fellow American Citizens and their Constitutional RIGHT to express their opinions, as protected by the United States Constitutional First Amendment. 
USN Veteran Margie Campbell-Threadgill 
Maybe I missed something in the article, but does it state that the cops fired 62 rounds in the car? If so, I missed it. Fed1718 XXX 
Department of justice has statistics on police killings and being white doesn’t make you immune, in fact MORE whites were killed by police than blacks in the last 20 years. Doesn’t excuse this horrible murder of an innocent couple but please don’t fall prey to deluded thinking that being white makes a difference. Look for yourself. 
How is anyone white or black ever supposed to trust a police officer these days? Blue Thugs 
Fuck you dude. My dad is a good cop and i judge his actions too. You are biased. I’m not and leave ppl alone, they never bother with flat tires so fuck off. Chris Cochran 
Every single one of these cops needs to be charged with Murder, and the police need to pay to make those kids end up having a good life since they will never have their parents to give them one Gary Harryman 
Yes every cop at that scene is guilty of the same crime. Since they acted as a gang, they should stand trial as a gang and all be charged with the same crime – murder. Terri Spanjer 
I wish people would stop and think for a minute about how the government is ALLOWING police to murder citizens and that over the last 2 years these incidents are occurring a hundred times a year. It’s all part of the Big Plan to remove ALL YOUR RIGHTS and TERRIFY YOU. … PS : Yes, 9/11 was an inside job. Think. 
American cops have been given free rein to do whatever they want — The government ENCOURAGES police brutality. Lucas Vegen 
I dont understand, maybe im to young, maybe the UK is completely different. 
Black lives are being slaughtered even in their sleep and we sit and watch idol. 
I learned at a young age. The Country will only change when its forced to, black people need to stand up, we are not shooting practice and we will raid stores, court rooms and banks in the 100’s or 1000’s if Money and Property is all they care about. 
More may die, but we all die eventually and will die sooner if we watch idol. This is the world you want to live and raise your kids in? Really!? 
This is not hate talk, but Black lives matter marches and speeches should be the calm before the storm… If they continue to kill us and our Children in our sleep. I dont think talking should be our last effort. How many more will die 
It won’t. They’re killing everyone now. Desiree M. Mondesir 
INSANE. I KNOW all cops are not like this but the ones who are…God help them. Or rather, God help the people they senselessly murder and their remaining loved ones. How on earth does a sleeping couple threaten you, causing you to “fear for [your] life”?!?! B Alan Eisen 
I fell asleep in my truck on a very cold night in front of my house. A police officer wanted to arrest me for sleeping in it, but the night was so cold, he got numb hands and left. Ross Thompson Laurie Choate 
this of course will be swept under the rug as quickly as possible.. they messed up bad on this one.. i would love to see the dash cams vids. but im sure that too is now gone.. very sad that we can no longer trust any person in uniform. 
how does one “de-escalate” a situation where the occupants of the car are asleep? David Lynn Courtney 
freaking terrible and shameful roomtempIQ 
The entire legal system is skewed, in favor of those who have money. No doubt black folks are unfairly targeted/abused/killed by cops, but us poor white folks get cop abuse as well, but us poor whites don’t seem to be killed by cops as often as black folks. 
That being said, I recently moved to a very rural county and the Sherriff’s Deputies here are stand-up good guys. They are not cowards or bullies. That is one reason I moved here. B Alan Eisen 
I wouldn’t compare rural life with inner city life at all. Rural people respect each other. They help each other. The police are neighbors. You can explain inner city hell to yourself. Ян Кариси 
In 2015 the police in USA murdered 303 Black people and 578 White people. Total killed of all was 1140. 
So far in 2016 the police in USA murdered 33 black people and 81 White people. Total killed so far as of February 27 is 166. 
But, more whites than blacks you say..??? Simple, Only Black Lives Matter to the main stream media. Their mission is to promote an agenda to put us common folk against one another. Also, imagine if us whites acted like blacks when we have one of our own killed by police? When are whites going to loot and riot? Thomas Headen III 
You Riot when your sports teams lose, or win, for that matter. Percentages sir, say that black men are 21 times more likely to be killed by police than white men. I think if the percentage were reversed, you would be alarmed as well. God bless. Michael McMaster 
To put it in perspective, if police were shooting people in a colourblind fashion then you’d expect that for every 100 people shot, 12-13 of them would be black, and 68 would be white. Or to put it another way: Left handed people are about 10% of the population. If it turned out that year after year they were 30% of the people killed by police, it would be fair to ask why they were being singled out disproportionally. Anna Black 
Whites Loot and Riot during sports. The real question is where is the All lives matter when this happens? Daniel robins one yahoo.com 
Woops, they did it again. Todd Schacherl 
So now sleeping while black is a capital offense? “If only they had cooperated while sleeping, they wouldn’t have been shot.” Is that what we are to believe? Deloren Tucker 
wtf… John and Linda Robel 
The Blue Code of Silence is well established and routinely used. Tim Egan wrote “Breaking Blue” a book that documents the historical corruption of these “Big Brave Heroes”. Orwell was right, ” BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING” and THE PIGS ARE RUNNING THE FARM”. Line these POS up for the FIRNG SQUAD and make their families watch.. John and Linda Robel 
KEEP VOTING FOR DEMOCRATS ALL YOU STUPID SONS OF BITCHES AND KALIFORNIACATORS. I’M SURE GOV MOONBEAM FEELS YOUR PAIN. 
“must have broke the law”“blue lives matter” -every cop apologist dickhead on the internet 
What’s wrong with the cops, they couldn’t wake them up it’s a shame Nancy Keys 
They had me confused when they said the woman’s twin sister name Kisha??? Blue Thugs 
Everyone in America needs to watch the documentry/movie called ” Peace Officers”. I bet a thousand to a cop’s doughnut there was no gun even in the car. If so it was planted after killing them probably. Stayce 
Wow, I didn’t know things were this bad . It just seems that being black is so wrong anymore. Why do these things keep happening? I just ask that all cops and law enforcement be mindful of what they are doing and double check their situation before over reacting. Now kids are without parents, this is ridiculous. Bless the babies and their parents. Lincoln Kirby 
Huh I always thought the conscious scared the police more, i.e. Us. Oh wait they can’t tell who’s conscious and who isn’t. Why was I born with less rights than my parents, and my younger family member born with less freedoms than I was born with? The fuck happened. Did we stop thinking. Δανιήλ Ντάνιελ 
FUCK THESE KIND OF MOTHER FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT POLICE WHO ARE JUST BULLYS WITH A BADGE AND A GUN HOPE THEY ALL DIE HORRIBLE PAINFULL DEATHS PIECES OF SHIT!!!! BROKE A WHOLE FUCKING FAMILY FOR WHAT? PUSSY BITCH ASS TRIGGER HAPPY PUSSY ASS PIGS SMFH! Deloren Tucker 
When r we going to start fighting back Deloren Tucker 
police are only human like us Anthony Georgeson 
This has to stop, this is insane 7 orphans. Unarmed people killed by those who are supposed to serve and protect, crazed gunmen killing indiscriminately. This isn’t the wild west, this is a war zone. I know guns can be a tool as much as a wepon. A knife, a stick , a rock, a fist, can be a deadly wepon. How do we fix this start making every stich of clothing out of Kevlar. Replace fluoride with Prozac. Can we learn anything from places that don’t have a problem like Iceland. It has to stop. The Officers involved should have been interviewed by civilians before the went to Police Academy, maybe they weren’t good with serve and protect. 
Show me the video! DKSMan 
WTF this article is full of major inaccuracies. They weren’t parked on the side of the road. They were in the middle of a major street right in front of an intersection. They didn’t pull over and go to sleep. All you have to do is loom at the crime scene photos and see this article is full of false information. They had a gun on them as well. Catherine Durnford-Wang 
So? For that they deserve to be shot? And they had a gun? So what, again? Aren’t guns allowed under the second amendment? Zatanique 
How does a sleeping couple put anybody into a state of fear for their lives? I smell a cover up of monumental proportions by the cops involved. I can’t believe that they could possibly find a plausible reason to justify opening fire on these two people. Not only do I want to see a Special Grand Jury called to deal with these cops, police department and city. I want to see a wrongful death suit brought against them, the police department and the city. Because of these cops 7 children are without their parents. No amount of money is going to make that better or make up for what they did. 
On what planet could you possibly justify what happened? SMH for real 
I cannot even grasp this! If they were not conscious why didn’t they try to make sure they were not suffering from Co2 poisoning. Oh no lets just shoot them and make up any story we like. Huh???? David Sbraga 
If you only had the courage to say that to someone face, and not while 6th were hiding behind a Kevlar and screen. I’d pray for you, but I don’t believe in prayer, and I don’t believe it would do you any good. Mark Nasia 
parents on a date, were asleep in their car? does this headline make sense, I mean, two people shot while sleeping in their car makes more sense, that date would have happened before they decided to sleep, where are the editors these days 
Jevez Robinson Paul Myers 
Surely the same laws should be used and Policemen and the hiring officials as is used against gangs and organised crime. Lets face it the police force is the biggest organisation of organised criminals in the world!!! 
Blacks, Latinos, Asians, and Progressives must compete and vie for every civil service job. Once on, rise in rank and change The system. Genevieve Friday King 
Two exhausted parents falling asleep in a car in and of itself, not news. Hell, I’ve been at work and college and found parents zonked out from exhaustion from parenting…..but to be executed like this???? uh, were the cops afraid the parents would wake up and ground them for a week? or a stern talking to? Johndca Marible 
These cops need to stop it. So we’re suppose to believe that this woman and this man with 7 children between them are in a car that late at night just waiting to threaten cops with a gun. We’re REALLY suppose to believe that story? I don’t understand how cops can be so afraid when they have a license to carry a gun, training on top of that, a partner, and access to call for backup. I just don’t get it. If you’re that afraid of a Black person on sight, then you don’t need to be a police officer. You need to seek help. Last time I checked, it was Black people getting killed by the police and not the other way around. Yeah, the cops have a handful of tragedies but it cannot compare to the numbers when you talk about deaths of Blacks by police. Not by a longshot. I’m getting really tired of this and the whole USA needs to revamp its law enforcement system. You can give guns to cops who are suppose to protect and serve but where is the protection for the rest of us? Jeff Putterman",1
198,Could Teaching Men to Nurture Counteract Our Culture of Toxic Masculinity?,nan,"By Ann Deslandes / thevocal.com.au 
The feminist and feminist-adjacent internet had a mild implosion in February in response to an article by Canadian organiser, writer, and college professor Nora Samaran (a pseudonym). Titled ‘The opposite of rape culture is nurturance culture’ , Samaran proposes that the solution to rape culture and other manifestations of gendered abuse lies in the inverse of violence, which she says is nurturance – that is,a deep capacity to create safety and trust that many men are not permitted to develop in patriarchal culture. Patriarchal masculinity, as Samaran observes, teaches men that healthy attachment needs, such as attunement, comfort and responsiveness, or emotional availability are weak and wrong. As such, men become “less able to experience women as whole beings”, and are “less able to make sense of their own needs”. So, as Samaran argues, if men can work together to connect with their capacity to nurture and teach each other the skills and qualities of “healthy attachment”, violence against women and non-binary folks might be turned around to its opposite: nurturance. 
As a proposed antidote to rape culture (most recently, most painfully highlighted by the now-viral letter written by the victim of barely-convicted rapist Brock Allen Turner), Nurturance Culture (short title) has been welcomed, argued over, and extended in multiple corners of the social web (and wept over by the MRA ones, natch). 300,000 people from almost every country in the world read the piece in the first week it was posted, and it has been translated into Spanish and Portuguese with more languages likely to come. This is particularly remarkable because Nurturance Culture is not your typical punchy, between-the-eyes manifesto that is easily parsed through social media channels – it’s long; it draws from fields as diverse as neuroscience, psychology, racial justice, cultural theory, and science fiction; and it is concerned with no less than the deep, structural transformation of heteropatriarchal gendered culture. 
When I interviewed Samaran via Skype last month, she suggested that the length and depth of the piece might actually be the reason it had such an impact. In her words, “the piece seems to have resonated so deeply because it combines current knowledge about the brain and nervous system with an analysis of power”. And, she observes, this kind of thinking is becoming quietly more common. “It seems to me that for those who are paying attention, we are shifting away from cultures of dominance. While on the surface we live in very violent times and so much seems so hopeless, underneath there is a kind of tapping into a vast and deep reservoir of purpose and hope. When you begin to pay attention, you feel and see it emerging on many different fronts seemingly simultaneously. Even in very traditional places this change is happening; we see it in climate scientists beginning to legitimise considering feelings as important sources of information , or the field of medicine beginning to grapple with the possibility of a shared consciousness , it’s happening in so many very significant places seemingly independently, such as Black Lives Matter , Indigenous resurgence happening across Turtle Island , the radical mental health movement in work such as The Icarus Project … so much is arising against different forms of dominance simultaneously and it feels like rigid masculinity is one of those forms and is connected to all the others.” 
As Nurturance Culture gained traction, Samaran began inviting people to submit their own descriptions of what the “nurturance” she is proposing looks like, which resulted in dozens of stories of husbands, boyfriends, lovers, friends, brothers, and fathers showing the kind of dependable love and intimate care that is indeed the opposite of hurting, hitting, bashing and raping. This included responses from men keen to share their understanding of the skills of nurturance, such as this one: 
“For at least a little while, especially when someone you are with is in need of nurture, let go of your own needs and desires. What does that mean? It means stop thinking about anything related to yourself: how you feel, what you need, what you think is best. Just listen and listen very closely. Try to imagine what it must be like to be this other person: absorb everything you know about their history and experiences and try to embody these. Listen to what they are saying, and repeat it back to them in order to clarify whether or not you’ve actually absorbed the essential meaning of what they are communicating to you.” 
Responses like this reflects one of Samaran’s intentions for the piece – in her words, “for men to teach one another what they are currently learning individually from women about how to be nurturing”. Samaran notes there were unforeseen responses too, such as those who “interpreted the piece to mean that men should love and nurture and bond with one another ” . On the one hand, “men connecting more with other men in a way that skips nurturing women entirely is not really my goal…. I’ve even seen all-male panels on masculine nurturance culture!” she laughs. Still, she adds, “I think this piece cracked open an existing profound desire among men to be able to get closer to one another. And that is beautiful – men want to love each other, to nurture each other, and they don’t feel allowed. That’s one of the big things I hear is being discussed when this piece is used in workshops and discussion groups and conference panels. I just hope they do it in ways that grow their love and capacity to be nurturing to the women and non-binary folks in their lives – not just to strengthen masculine bonds.” Moreover, the answer to the question ‘Nurturance is….’ must amount to something more than just ‘not raping or assaulting’, Samaran adds. “I’m saying that “nurturance is about learning how to make someone feel safe. I’m saying that it is totally ok to be honest and speak without shame of what we do and don’t know, but social scripts about masculinity put a lot of pressure on men to never admit when they don’t know something. It’s completely ok to say ‘hey I don’t know how to be a safe man, a safe male presence in women’s lives’– because that is about a lot more than just not raping, it is about creating safe connection and spaces in which women and non-binary folks can heal from the massive gendered violence we experience. And, it is about recognising that men need to do this work and teach it to each other because we are already so exhausted from doing it.” 
According to Samaran, another critical aspect of Nurturance Culture that people have responded to is its discussion of shame: “On the surface, the shame over not being able to provide what someone needs is massive, and apparently that’s a big thing for men. However, underneath, there is a complex operation of shame going on in masculinity. If you have shamed yourself for having perfectly normal needs, you may not realise that you are doing so, and instead may perceive those same needs as shameful when they appear in other people. You may then actively shame people when they express those same normal needs you have internalised as shameful for yourself. So let’s say you learned very early on that needing to be held tenderly and gazed upon lovingly is shameful. You put it away, and can’t access it or even remember it. When someone you are lovers with has that very normal and healthy need, instead of comforting her appropriately, you may treat her as shameful and confusing, or become angry and withdrawn, and then blame her for this tension by calling her ‘needy’ or ‘unreasonable’– when really it is your own denied need that you are seeing. If you can recognise nurturance needs as completely normal and healthy, you can get your own denied needs met, and also respond in a good way to the needs of a lover, partner, or close friend. Ironically, guilt and shame can be paralysing and can prevent emotional maturity from emerging. We really do need to understand how to work to reduce shame and guilt and increase our culture’s ability to let people be vulnerable. I’m interested in how we create a culture that is safe enough that vulnerability and being completely accepted as our whole selves is taken as a matter of course, as a strength, as a normal part of daily life, not just in our families but in our society across the board. That is how we will move away from shame and guilt and towards accountability and love.” 
Considering Australia’s current crisis of violence against women, I asked Samaran about the role of public, government-sponsored campaigns like ‘The Line’ aimed at raising awareness amongst young people about consent and the impact of intimate partner violence, and the rollout of relationships education in schools where students learn about respectful relationships. Can measures like this complement or help build a nurturance culture? “Sure”, she replied. “Mainstream media and the education system are both central in raising young people so these programs are helpful. Still, programs like the ones you describe are not enough – they’re not a replacement for the daily, intimate work of building a culture that does the opposite of harm. Programs like this are resources, but let’s not overlook where the learning really comes from – it is deep cultural change we need, and schools can be slow to change.” In this vein, Samaran also encourages readers to consider characters and plots that demonstrate nurturance in popular culture and in existing social movements primarily led by Black and Indigenous people of colour who are creating the world we want to see: “when thinking about huge social problems like men’s violence, it’s so important to think about what the world we want could look like, and where it already looks more like what we want.” 
Ann Deslandes is a freelance writer and researcher. Tweet her at @Ann_dLandes and read her other writing at xterrafirma.net . 0.0 ·",1
199,Donald Trump’s Team Shows Few Signs of Post-Election Moderation - The New York Times,"Eric Lipton, Charlie Savage and Michael S. Schmidt","   Donald J. Trump is picking up the pace with his cabinet and top White House staff choices, and despite the fervent wishes of some Democrats that views expressed during the campaign would be moderated after the election, the new administration’s team is maintaining a decidedly conservative bent. Up next, secretary of defense? James N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general, will meet the   at Mr. Trump’s New Jersey country club on Saturday to discuss the post of defense secretary, according to two people close to the transition team. Conservatives this spring had wooed General Mattis to run for president as an independent as they sought an alternative to Mr. Trump. While he was receptive to the idea, he ultimately decided against running. “The thoughtfulness and patriotism  —   and for that matter, the modesty  —   Jim showed as he reflected on this decision make me more convinced than ever that he would have made a truly admirable president, and also a good candidate,” William Kristol, the editor of the conservative Weekly Standard, wrote at the time. General Mattis, 66, is widely respected in the military community and could bring with him a   staff of civilian experts. He was the head of the United States Central Command, which oversees all military operations in the Middle East, from 2010 to 2013 but crossed swords with President Obama over his push for a more aggressive presence in the Persian Gulf. Under federal law, a former military official must be out of uniform for seven years to become defense secretary. General Mattis retired three years ago, and Congress would have to grant him a waiver. But General Mattis is not the only candidate. Senator Tom Cotton, the hawkish military veteran from Arkansas, was in Trump Tower on Friday and is still in the hunt. Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s newly appointed chief strategist, has maintained a low profile since the election, but in an interview  in The Hollywood Reporter on Friday, he pushed back against accusations that intended to divide the country along racial lines, even as he embraced his dark image. On the one hand, he said: “I’m not a white nationalist, I’m a nationalist. I’m an economic nationalist. ” On the other hand, Michael Wolff wrote: Mr. Trump’s association with Mr. Bannon has been widely criticized because of racist conspiracy theories promoted on Breitbart. com, the   news website that Mr. Bannon was managing before joining Mr. Trump’s campaign. Mr. Bannon said in the interview that he expected Mr. Trump’s presidency would unsettle Republicans and Democrats alike with his aggressive and unconventional plans for rebuilding the country. “I’m the guy pushing a   infrastructure plan,” Mr. Bannon said. “With negative interest rates throughout the world, it’s the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything. ” Predicting a change that will outshine the Reagan revolution, he added: “Ship yards, iron works, get them all jacked up. We’re just going to throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks. ” He didn’t get attorney general. He’s still in the running for secretary of state, though the Trump team has let it be known that the former Trump nemesis Mitt Romney will be meeting with the   to discuss that job. So where is Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist? Spotted in Palm Beach, where he says he needs some rest. But don’t count him out. When asked whether Mr. Giuliani was a favorite to become secretary of state, Representative Devin Nunes of California, a member of the transition team’s executive committee, said he did not want to speculate. But Mr. Nunes lavished praised on Mr. Giuliani. “He would absolutely be a great secretary of state  —   he’s America’s mayor, is widely respected around the world and is a fine example of the type of person we want representing us abroad,” Mr. Nunes said. Representative Chris Van Hollen, Democrat of Maryland, won a Senate seat last week  —   and with it, one of the worst jobs in American politics: leader of the committee tasked with protecting incumbent colleagues and maybe winning a seat or two in 2018. Senator Chuck Schumer, the incoming minority leader, announced on Friday that Mr. Van Hollen would serve as chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee for the 2018 cycle. “Chris Van Hollen was our first choice for D. S. C. C. chairman because of his talents, his work ethic and his experience,” Mr. Schumer said in a statement. “The map is tough for Democrats, but I have no doubt that   Van Hollen is up to the task. ” Tough indeed: Democrats gained a mere two Senate seats on Election Day  —   New Hampshire and Illinois  —   and will be defending a daunting 23 seats in 2018, as well as two held by independents who caucus with them  —   Angus King of Maine and Bernie Sanders of Vermont  —   and roughly half of those states were won by   Trump. In contrast, Democrats have one real target, Senator Dean Heller of Nevada, and maybe two with Jeff Flake of Arizona if things go south for the new president. (Of note, Mr. Van Hollen knows the highs and lows of the job, having led the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee for his party’s 2008 wave, then getting washed out in the 2010 Republican deluge.) For anyone hoping for tempers to cool and partisans to moderate, welcome to the rest of 2016. The choice of Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama to be attorney general and Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas to be director of central intelligence  —   as well as Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn to be national security adviser  —   appear to have put to rest talk of a   period after Election Day. Conservative groups are ecstatic. The Trump transition team hailed Mr. Sessions as a champion of civil rights. “Senator Sessions is someone who’s universally respected across party lines in the United States Senate,” said Jason Miller, a Trump transition spokesman. The other side? Representative Luis V. Gutiérrez, Democrat of Illinois, said in a statement: “If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept quiet, gays were in the closet, immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the kitchen, Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is your man. No senator has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of Latinos, immigrants and people of color than Senator Sessions. ” Some Democrats kept their immediate challenges minimal for Mr. Pompeo. “As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, Congressman Pompeo has a firsthand appreciation for Congress’ responsibility to provide vigilant oversight of our nation’s intelligence activities, and I look forward to learning more about his views,” said Senator Mark R. Warner of Virginia, the incoming Senate Intelligence Committee vice chairman. On the other hand, Jon Soltz, chairman of the liberal veterans group VoteVets. org, greeted the selection of Mr. Pompeo by saying, “This administration is turning out to be as scary, bigoted and abnormal as most people feared. ” As for General Flynn? “Michael Flynn has shown a stunning contempt for the Geneva Conventions and other laws prohibiting torture,” said Sarah Margon, Washington director at Human Rights Watch. “By offering this key post to Flynn,   Trump is undermining U. S. commitments to international laws that have been broken to America’s detriment. ” Vice   Mike Pence told the news media on Friday that teams of transition staff members who will be working directly with federal agencies had arrived in Washington. “The   is a man of action, and we’ve got a great number of men and women with great qualifications looking forward to serving in this administration, and I am just humbled to be a part of it,” Mr. Pence said. He added, “I am very confident it will be a smooth transition that will serve to lead this country forward and make America great again. ” Mr. Pence walked away as a reporter asked whether the   was racist. Mr. Pompeo, the  ’s pick to direct the C. I. A. may also be a way for Mr. Trump to warm relations with the Koch Industries directors Charles G. and David H. Koch. Mr. Pompeo was first elected to Congress with a large amount of financial support and a prominent public endorsement from the Koch brothers, and the Kansas congressman has remained closely aligned with them since. Individuals associated with Koch Industries are by far the biggest donors to Mr. Pompeo’s political career, contributing $357, 000 to him since 2009. The Koch brothers  —   among the biggest players in financing Republican candidates nationwide  —   remained largely on the sidelines in this year’s presidential race. Mr. Pompeo has been a staunch proponent of bringing newly captured terrorism suspects to the prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, for interrogation and   detention, as President Obama has refused to do. At a 2013 congressional hearing, Mr. Pompeo called the prison operation in Cuba lawful and humane, and dismissed a hunger strike among the detainees at the time as a “political stunt. ” “We are still engaged in a counterterrorism battle all around the globe that continue to need to have a secure location in which to detain captured enemy combatants remains,” Mr. Pompeo said. Mr. Pompeo has also been a defender of broad government surveillance programs and an opponent of limits the Obama administration imposed after the leaks of the former intelligence contractor Edward J. Snowden. Those included the U. S. A. Freedom Act, which ended the National Security Agency’s   program that collected Americans’ domestic calling records in bulk and replaced it with a system in which the government has to get a court order to obtain specific records from phone companies. In an   he   in January, Mr. Pompeo called for rolling back such reforms. Mr. Pompeo was a prominent member of the special House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya. Although the panel found no new evidence of wrongdoing by the Obama administration or Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Mr. Pompeo and another conservative member of the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, were convinced of a wider  . When the committee released its findings in June, the two Republicans filed their own   addendum that was far harsher. The addendum said that the attacks showed that the State Department was “seemingly more concerned with politics and Secretary Clinton’s legacy than with protecting its people in Benghazi. ” “With the presidential election just 56 days away, rather than tell the American people the truth and increase the risk of losing an election, the administration told one story privately and a different story publicly,” they concluded. Trey Gowdy, the committee’s chairman and no shrinking violet when it came to Mrs. Clinton, did not put his name on the addendum. The   made quite a boast on Twitter on Thursday. Followed by: The only wrinkle: Ford was never planning to move the plant. During the campaign, Mr. Trump repeatedly criticized Ford for moving production to Mexico, and he threatened to impose a 35 percent tariff on vehicles made there. Ford makes the Lincoln MKC, a sport utility vehicle, at a factory in Louisville. Last week, Ford said it planned to move production of the vehicle elsewhere. But Ford had not planned to close the Louisville factory. Instead, it had planned to expand production of another vehicle made in Louisville, the Ford Escape. And the change had not been expected to result in any job losses. “Whatever happens in Louisville, it will not lose employment,” Jimmy Settles, a union official, told The Detroit Free Press. “They cannot make enough Escapes. ”",0