3987,Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated,"Gordon Duff, Senior Editor","By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 30, 2016 Constitutional Crisis: FBI used prohibited FISA domestic terror warrant in Clinton-Weiner email search …by Gordon Duff, with Ian Greenhalgh , Editors – Veterans Today 
In a surprise announcement, the Department of Justice just admitted that there was no legal authorization in place to access email accounts of Hillary Clinton aide, Huma Abedin, estranged wife of accused sex offender former Congressman Anthony Weiner. 
The government admitted that no warrant had been requested and that discussions to seek a warrant had not yet begun, making the letter FBI Director James Comey wrote to Congress on Friday a potentially criminal act, if it can be proven that Comey was aware of this fact and of the actions of his subordinates in “planting” Clinton emails on Weiner’s laptop.[14] 
(CNN)Justice Department and FBI officials are working to secure approval that would allow the FBI to conduct a full search of top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s newly discovered emails, sources familiar with the discussions told CNN. 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not.[14] 
FBI Director James Comey is under assault for what is being perceived as more than simply partisan behavior. Former presidential advisor, Lanny Davis writes for The Hill: 
“Comey as FBI director — an investigative agency, not a prosecution agency — (does not) have any authority to send a report to Congress in the middle of an investigation about the past or present subject of an investigation. He appears to be in violation of the limits on his authority as FBI director by disclosing investigation information — or possible investigation information — directly to Congress with obtaining permission from the attorney general or someone else delegated authority by her. His decision to reveal the results of an ongoing investigation, before a published criminal indictment, violates due process principles and pre-indictment secrecy rules and guidelines of the Justice Department.”[16] 
Through court challenges to FBI search tactics under FISA and other counter-terror legislation, accessing “cloud” based emails and either representing them as “found” in a warranted search of a hard drive or in “syncing” a computer to place emails on a drive under a warranted search, clear prohibitions have been established.[Addendum I] 
In this case, with no warrant in place at all, there are no possible interpretations of FBI actions that could be consistent with admissibility. 
In what has been seen by most a the long expected “October Surprise,” the highly controversial letter written by FBI Director James Comer, something more far reaching has developed, a constitutional crisis that may well exceed that of Watergate or even Iran/Contra. Like the Federal Reserve, the FBI itself lacks a clear constitutional authority. There is no mention of nor authorization given, in the constitution, for a national police force. In fact, the Constitution, in the 10th Amendment ratified in 1791 states: 
“The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”[12] More often than not, this has been ignored, a “stepchild” of the Bill of Rights. Here, however, the FBI, created initially as the “sex police”[11], created to enforce the Mann Act[13], has assumed not only “powers not granted” under the constitution, but has exponentially expanded its reach, well beyond constitutional limitations on rights of privacy and against unreasonable search and seizure, assailed by laws like the Patriot Acts.” 
Behind the current controversy, that of an FBI director being accused of interfering in an election and acting against policy, procedure and advice of the Attorney General, is something more. The FBI has crossed into the area of possible criminality, violating clear cut Federal Court restrictions, not only through an illegal search but by actually planting evidence and then channeling misleading information into the press with a clear intent to subvert constitutional authority. 
Another issue is the kind of language Comey has been using to mollify critics who have kept a flurry of investigations going and who have subjected him to hostile interrogation for endless hours in front of highly partisan committees. Colonel Jim Hanke (ret), former US attache to Israel and ranking NATO military intelligence planner commented on the nature of Comey’s assertions of Hillary’s classified emails: 
“Take the text of any of the emails we have seen. Anything here could have been said in a press conference or on a television interview and, in those formats, would not have been considered classified. There would have been fallout, for sure, not from disclosing policy or in endangering operations, real issues that get high level classification. Hillary’s emails, were they made public, and there was reason to expect this might well happen, are revealing and reflect on her personal judgement and, at times, demonstrate a lack of grasp, particularly when it comes to Russia or Syria. These are issues of public confidence, not criminality nor are they areas of real security classification. 
Conversely, what we have seen Comey do may well rise to the level of something serious, certainly he undermines the FBI and attacks the American system of government. As to what his intent was or to what laws apply, this is not my area of expertise but I would like to think that criminal code could deal with this kind of threat.” 
One additional consideration to put into the mix is Wikileaks. During recent weeks while Wikileaks has released two dozen batches of emails, the Clinton campaign has mirrored earlier charges made against Wikileaks by former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinsky, that Wikileaks “sexes up” and even fabricates documents that are, according to Brzezinsky, when speaking to Judy Woodruff of National Public Radio, “seeded” into a virtual deluge of material. 
The FBI used FISA (Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) powers when it downloaded and “synced” Clinton emails into former Congressman Anthony Weiner’s computers, according to legal experts.[1,4,6,7] The FBI knowingly violated the law in applying terror statutes when they illegally expanded their search into Weiner’s computers and downloaded emails from a 3rd party account. With only days before an election, the term “October Surprise” has never been more applicable. 
The question people are asking is; “Why did Director Comey choose to ignore legal advice and, more importantly, was he aware that he was upsetting an American presidential election based on a pattern of criminal-level misconduct by his own agency?” 
The FBI lied when it claimed the it found Clinton emails when it searched Anthony Weiner’s computer. Sources now tell VT that the FBI in fact “synced” the email account of Weiner’s estranged wife, Huma, downloading the emails “from the cloud” and falsely claiming they were discovered as part of a legal search warrant. However, there is no case law supporting the expansion of such warrants to spouses or others whose email accounts may be accessible through devices but were not stored on hard drives and not by any stretch of the imagination, legally accessed under any possible search warrant tied to Weiner’s sexual indiscretions. 
What did in fact happen here was planting of evidence, by the FBI, illegally accessing a “cloud based” email account not included in a search warrant and downloading to a hard drive that was included in a warrant. This is a common FBI/DHS practice used in terror investigations, making use of a single warrant to follow cloud accounts for multiple users. 
In an article in today’s Washington Post, the issue of how the FBI found emails that should not been on Weiner’s computer were brought to light. 
“Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has told people she is unsure how her emails could have ended up on a device she viewed as her husband’s computer, the seizure of which has reignited the Clinton email investigation, according to a person familiar with the investigation and civil litigation over the matter. 
The person, who would not discuss the case unless granted anonymity, said Abedin was not a regular user of the computer, and even when she agreed to turn over emails to the State Department for federal records purposes, her lawyers did not search it for materials, not believing any of her messages to be there. 
That could be a significant oversight if Abedin’s work messages were indeed on the computer of her estranged husband, former congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation for allegedly exchanging lewd messages with a 15-year-old girl. So far, it is unclear what — if any — new, work-related messages were found by authorities. The person said the FBI had not contacted Abedin about its latest discovery, and she was unsure what the bureau had discovered.”[8] 
There is no evidence, of yet, that Director Comey was aware the “evidence” he took to congress was illegally planted on Weiner’s computer but Comey was aware of the practice. Typically, the FBI search warrants used can give access to cloud based emails as outlined below by FBI Special Agent James M. Cauthen: 
“An alternative is for the investigator to search in the same manner as the user would—with the computer turned on and connected to the data. In this example, the investigator needs access to the subject’s computer with the relational database software and connection to the cloud. The investigator could consider combining two search warrants—one on the computer owner for the location being searched under Rule 41 and one on the cloud provider under §2703 for the content to which the computer is connected. 
With this approach, the investigator will need to understand how to operate database software and make queries. These queries must comply with the search warrant. The investigator must conduct the search carefully as actions taken on a live system will change the data on the computer. Using this method, it may be possible to obtain a single search warrant combining the provisions of Rule 41 and §2703; however, it should be noted that there is no case law yet on implementing this strategy.” [7] 
In light of the controversy over the handling of this issue by FBI Director Comey, an article in The New Yorker, dated October 28, 2016 cuts to the director’s state of mind. From that article: WASHINGTON ( The Borowitz Report )—James Comey, the embattled director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, presided over a special ceremony on Friday evening to commend the brave F.B.I. agents who had to touch Anthony Weiner’s computer. In awarding the commendations to the agents, whom Comey called “the bravest men and women this country has to offer,” the F.B.I. director criticized the political uproar that he said had overshadowed “their selfless acts of heroism.” “These agents have performed far and beyond the call of duty,” a visibly angry Comey said. “I know we’re eleven days away from an election and tensions are running high, but we shouldn’t let that subtract in any way from what these brave agents did with their own hands.” “Who among us could look at ourselves in the mirror and say, ‘I have what it takes to touch Anthony Weiner’s computer ’?” Comey asked. “I know I sure as hell couldn’t.”[15] A common way to hide ones train in Washington is to wrap whatever the smell is “in a bloody flag” or to hand out medals for heroism. This is “deception 101” and Comey wasn’t in the least bit coy about using his agents, who may be steeped in ethical or even criminal complicity, in that same “bloody flag” theatrics. 
The Clinton/Weiner connection may well be an abuse of expanded counter-terrorism powers the FBI assumed during the Bush era. However, in 2008, these powers were curtailed by a Federal court decision. [Addendum I] From the New York Times, April 19, 2016: 
“WASHINGTON — A federal judge has rejected a legal challenge to rules permitting F.B.I. agents, when working on domestic criminal cases, to search emails written by Americans that the government has intercepted without a warrant in the name of gathering foreign intelligence. 
In an 80-page opinion that was issued in November and remained classified until being made public on Tuesday, Judge Thomas F. Hogan, the chief judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, ruled that what critics call “backdoor searches” of messages by the F.B.I. comply with both the Constitution and the FISA Amendments Act. That 2008 statute legalized a form of the government’s once-secret warrantless surveillance program.”[9] 
There has been considerable controversy involving the FBI’s illegal expansion of search warrants in criminal cases. With the expanded powers under the Bush administration’s Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, covering the use of broad “single warrant” powers in domestic terrorism cases, the FBI has on numerous occasions misused FISA powers in criminal investigations. 
This has been brought before the Federal Courts in 2008 [Addendum I] and the FBI should well consider itself forewarned not to attempt to apply questionable expanded powers under FISA legislation intended to apply to terror threats. That FISA was applied here, knowing a court challenge would take far too long to correct the damage, in this case a “rigged” presidential election, as claimed by Clinton campaign advisor, John Podesta. References: 
[1] Elena Kagan: Supreme Court Hasn’t “Gotten to” Email , CBS News, August 21, 2013. 
[2] Josiah Dykstra, “Seizing Electronic Evidence from Cloud Computing Environments,” in Cybercrime and Cloud Forensics: Applications for Investigation Processes , ed. K. Ruan (Hershey, PA: IGI Global, 2013). 
[3] Tony Sammes and Brian Jenkinson, Forensic Computing: A Practitioner’s Guide , (London, UK: Springer-Verlag, 2000). Forensics was developed on the idea of copying data from a hard disk drive that was turned off or dead. Live recovery involves changes to the contents of a computer’s storage space, 18 U.S.C. §2510(15). Therefore, it is essential that someone competent to give testimony performs it, showing that the continuity and integrity of the evidence has been preserved. 
[4] U.S. Department of Justice, Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, Criminal Division, Searching and Seizing Computers and Obtaining Electronic Evidence in Criminal Investigations 3d ed., (Washington, D.C.: Office of Legal Education, Executive Office for United States Attorneys, 2009), 84. Although the courts have not directly addressed the matter, the language of Rule 41 combined with the Supreme Court’s interpretation of “property” may limit computer searches to data that physically resides in the district in which the warrant was issued. 
[5] For legal purposes, there are two classes of cloud providers: those who provide “electronic communication services,” and those who provide “remote computing service.” See 18 U.S.C. §2510(15) and 18 U.S.C. §2711(2) respectively. 
[6] United States v. Gorshkov , 2001 WL 1024026 (May 23, 2001). In this case, the defendants moved to suppress the evidence, but the motion was denied. Nonetheless, the investigator was charged with hacking by foreign authorities who requested that the investigator be extradited for trial. U.S. authorities have not complied.",1
3988,Street Artist Mocks Kim Jong-Un with ’Trump North Korean BBQ’ Posters (Photos),Daniel Nussbaum,"Los   street artist provocateur Sabo is back again, this time to skewer North Korean leader Kim   with a series of mock posters promoting a fictional line of “Trump’s North Korean BBQ. ”[The mock posters  —   which have popped up around the Koreatown neighborhood of Los Angeles  —   feature the North Korean dictator’s head superimposed onto a roasted pig’s body, and with an apple placed in his mouth. Alongside the image is an insert of a smiling Trump.  The taglines for the mock  include “The finest in ” “The world’s greatest really,” and “Cooked up by five star chef James Mattis. ”  A telephone number displayed on one of the billboards apparently connects to an art gallery in Beverly Hills. The posters’ appearance in Los Angeles comes as hostilities between the United States and North Korea have hit renewed heights in recent weeks. NBC News reported that the National Security Council presented military options to President Trump  —   including the possible assassination  of the North Korean dictator  —   to deal with the country’s increasingly defiant nuclear program ahead of Trump’s meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping last week.  Sabo has previously featured images of Trump in his street art. In November, just after Trump’s victory in the presidential election, the street artist peppered Los   bus benches with fake  for Sotheby’s real estate sales, in a campaign lampooning numerous celebrities’ pledges to move out of the country if Trump were elected. Most recently, the artist trolled the Academy Awards by erecting posters outside the Dolby Theater in Hollywood that blasted the film industry’s “unwatchable movies. ” Sabo has also skewered Hillary Clinton, at one time placing an image of the former Democratic presidential candidate inside a washing machine as part of a “money laundering” series, alongside an image of actor Leonardo DiCaprio.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
3989,Re: Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence,Bolofia,"Print 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare shares",1
3990,"As a House Burns, Tenants’ Lives Flash Before Them - The New York Times",Wendy Lesser,"NIGHT OF FIREBy Colin Thubron361 pp.   Publishers. $26. 99. The first oddity lies in the precise accuracy of the title. Those three words convey no coy metaphor for passion or anger, no euphemistic allusion to military bombardment. Colin Thubron’s “Night of Fire” is literally about a house that burns down at night, killing all its inhabitants. Lest you think I am a killjoy for giving away the plot, let me assure you that plot is the least of what this book has to offer. Structurally, it’s unlike any other novel I’ve read. It starts over at every chapter with a new character, and yet the fates of the seven central characters are so intimately linked that the story feels cumulative. The resemblance of each chapter to the next  —   intense memories, followed by death  —   should feel repetitious, but it doesn’t. Instead, the sensation is rather like reading a long, dirgelike poem in which the refrain comes back again and again. We do not exactly welcome these expected deaths, but we somehow become used to them. Time and place remain vague. An opening assertion that the rickety old house was built “years ago, at the end of the Victorian century,” along with a   reference to Bakelite sockets and dustbins and common English shrubs, combines with other details in the lives of the individual characters to put the location somewhere in Britain and the period somewhere near ours. There are no mentions of cellphones or internet searches or other   markers, and some of the tenants’ memories hark back to midcentury childhoods. On the other hand, the science of neurosurgery is being practiced in its modern form here, so we can’t be too much farther back than the last few years of the 20th century. The story itself is not exactly a timeless fable (as in, say, Hanya Yanagihara’s “A Little Life,” where 30 or 40 years pass without external, historical changes) but it nonetheless refuses to be pinned down to a particular night of fire in a particular place. This hankering after a generalized condition comes to make more and more sense as the chapters progress. At first, we think we are simply being introduced to each victim in turn: the landlord who lives at the top of the house, the priest who lives on the ground floor, the neurosurgeon who lives just above him, the photographer who occupies the basement. But by the time we get to the photographer, things have begun to seem less distinct. All of these people have a dead mother, usually one who died when the character was still young. What are the chances of that in the general population? Other elements, too, begin to recur: fondly recalled girlfriends with eyes that slant upward at the sides brain tumors whose excision leaves memory gaps a boy who hangs himself a beloved black woman a lesbian professor of biology. The memory pool, initially sharp and distinct for each character, starts to blur together. Still, we never stop believing in each as a separate individual. The strength of Thubron’s method is that it allows for strongly established characters, with their own histories and quirks, even as it enacts a discernible process of authorial repetition. Always beginning in the   voice, each chapter at some point moves into the first person, almost without our noticing the shift  —   until, just before the character’s death, the perspective moves back to the third person again. In no case, though, is anyone truly seen from the outside. We do not experience the moments after each victim’s death, nor do we learn anything about these people that they could not have told us themselves. As we come to see, these seven people have more in common than their separate professions or chapter titles would suggest. Aside from the landlord’s sick wife, who makes a brief appearance at the end, only one of the central characters, labeled “Naturalist,” is a woman. Yet she’s just as convincing in her reality, just as persuasive in her perspective, as the male characters who borrow their author’s gender (and presumably some of his memories). Moreover, because she shares so many other things with her fellow fire victims  —   the early loss of a mother, the ability to focus on visual detail, the obsession with youthful memories, a certain withdrawal from the general adult routine of getting and spending  —   the difference in sex comes to seem unimportant. These victims of the fire are all “isolatos,” to use Herman Melville’s term: They are at odds with the larger society and its patterns. That is how they’ve ended up as single renters in this decrepit, unsafe house. And while their life stories are not all equally compelling  —   I was gripped by the neurosurgeon’s taut moral dilemmas, somewhat bored by the priest’s more meandering ones  —   each is essential to the group portrait. We start to notice the strange overlaps about halfway through the novel, but it is only when we get to the “Traveller” chapter, just before the final one, that we are offered a rationale for them. In the course of journeying through India, this character, a retired, divorced schoolteacher, undergoes a transformative spiritual experience rather like the revelation that descends on the central English figure in E. M. Forster’s “A Passage to India,” or for that matter, in Geoff Dyer’s “Jeff in Venice, Death in Varanasi. ” Thubron’s traveler, when exposed firsthand to the religious practices of the subcontinent, begins to grasp, if only tentatively, the possibility of his unity with everyone and everything else. “If there is no God, what survives death?” he asks a Buddhist monk with whom he is conversing in Sarnath. “’u200a‘Something inherited,’ the monk answered. ‘Something waiting to be perfected.’ His hands unfurled from his chest. ‘But the previous life cannot be found again.’ “’u200a‘It has no memory . ’u2008. ’u2008.’ “’u200a‘’u2009If it has memory, it does not know it. Sometimes a person is reminded after many years, maybe prompted by chance. There are stories . ’u2008. ’u2008. ’’u200a” In his closing remarks to the Englishman, the monk, patting his arm “in encouragement,” observes that from the path of meditation one can never return to a singleness of self: “You’d lose too much! Ha, ha! You’d die back into suffering. We say that life is a burning house. ” This is not so much a clue to the book’s meaning or even its method as it is a life vest thrown to floundering readers. We are not being offered answers here. Instead, we are being soothed with recurring themes and motifs, in the manner of a musical composition. And what are those themes? Among others, the idea that death is the end of the individual but perhaps not the end of everything. The dissolved, burned bodies in the fiery house will become part of the elements that make up the universe, just as the ceremonially burned bodies in the Ganges, as witnessed by the traveling Englishman, become part of the river itself. And the memories that fleetingly pass through each mind in its final moments are both individual and shared, forming a common thread that may not even exist (“It has no memory”) or may exist only on an inaccessible level (“If it has memory, it does not know it”). This is not consolation as we normally know or seek it  —   “Night of Fire” is a coldly contemplative book rather than a comforting one  —   but it is an interesting idea for fiction, which normally depends so heavily on the notion of individual consciousness. Perhaps only Christopher Isherwood, in “A Single Man,” has attempted anything quite like this, and he did it with just a single character, not a multitude of them. I can’t be sure, after a first reading, that I wholeheartedly like Colin Thubron’s novel. But I am absolutely certain that I admire it.",0
3991,Bangalore car driver drives 200 km in search of U-turn to reach home,Citizen Satirist,"Bangalore car driver drives 200 km in search of U-turn to reach home Posted on Tweet 
In another bizarre tale of Bangalore’s ever increasing traffic woes, more than hundred car drivers reportedly reached Mysore while searching for a u-turn to reach home. The drivers had started from their offices on outer ring road and had to take a u-turn to reach their homes on the other side of the road but the Bangalore Traffic police made some unexpected changes due to which the car drivers kept on driving, finally finding a u-turn near Mysore. 
“U-turns and one ways! At one point, I even asked a few passersby to help me lift the car and place it on the other side of the road. But some of them rushed and sat inside my car as they had been waiting to cross the road for the last 6 days and finally saw some hope,” said a frustrated driver after reaching Mysore. “I could see my home on the right side 5 minutes after starting from office, but then I never found a u-turn. When I did find one, the Google maps lady asked me to keep going straight and I missed it!” he further lamented. 
Even Google Maps isn’t able to understand the sudden changes by Bangalore traffic police. “Our users have been banging their cars into dividers. When our map says take a u-turn, there never is one. That’s the magic of Bangalore Traffic police,” said a developer working on Google maps. 
Meanwhile, Bangalore Traffic police has termed this as “suspense driving”, in which the driver is always alert. “U-turns should be a suspense and we are going to make this game even more interesting,” said a policeman. 
(Reported by Citizen Satirist Manish Paul . He blogs here )",1
3992,Mississippi Ends Inquiry Into 1964 Killing of 3 Civil Rights Workers - The New York Times,Campbell Robertson,"The investigation into the 1964 murders of three civil rights volunteers by a group of Klansmen, an inquiry that became known as the “Mississippi Burning” case, has come to a close, the Mississippi attorney general announced Monday. The murders of Michael Schwerner, James Chaney and Andrew Goodman, committed on a remote Mississippi road 52 years ago on Tuesday, prompted an intense federal investigation. That investigation, plus a   in more recent years, led to eight trial convictions and one guilty plea over five decades. One of the masterminds of the murders, a Klansman named Edgar Ray Killen, was convicted by state prosecutors in 2005. “I am convinced that during the last 52 years, investigators have done everything possible under the law to find those responsible and hold them accountable,” said Jim Hood, the state attorney general, at a news conference. “However, we have determined that there is no likelihood of any additional convictions. Absent any new information presented to the F. B. I. or my office, this case will be closed. ” The most recent round of investigations  —   the third push by federal agents since 1964  —   began after the passage of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act in 2008, which set up an office within the United States Justice Department to investigate unsolved murders from the civil rights era. “The department’s focus during this third investigation,” said Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, “homed in on determining whether sufficient admissible evidence existed to support further state prosecution against any surviving person for involvement in the murders. ” A   report released by the Justice Department on Monday, which described the history of the case and recent investigative efforts, included the names of five people believed to have been involved in the killings who were still alive in 2010 when federal agents began   the case. Mr. Killen is serving a   sentence for the killings two others died shortly after the investigation began. The report describes two other men as “still potentially culpable for state offenses related to the murders. ” Neither is believed to have been at the scene, but are thought by authorities to have been involved in the conspiracy. Agents interviewed or attempted to interview old sources and tracked down new ones, including Klansmen who had been active in the 1960s, relatives of those involved, jailhouse confidants and Mr. Killen himself. But the deaths of so many original witnesses and sources, the inadmissibility in court of key testimony, the faulty memories of elderly men and an enduring reluctance among some to speak to the authorities made the likelihood of successful prosecutions remote. “Obviously, the willingness of surviving witnesses to cooperate fully rather than minimizing their knowledge with false denials or feigned memory problems is a factor to consider,” the report read. Still, it concluded that the deaths of the three young men “have been thoroughly and aggressively investigated and reinvestigated and have thus received some measure of vindication. ”",0
3993,"US spy chief gives false intel on Syria to Obama, Clinton: Analyst",nan,"Interviews James Clapper, Director of US National Intelligence Agency, speaks at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York City on October 25, 2016. (AFP photo) 
James Clapper, the US director of national intelligence, has warned that the establishment of a no-fly zone in Syria could prompt Russia to shoot down US planes. This comes as Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for the 2016 US presidential election, has called for establishing a no-fly zone in the Arab country. Russia has recently deployed mobile S-400 and S-300 missile batteries to western Syria, which are ready to shoot down cruise missiles and aircraft. 
Gordon Duff, a senior editor with the Veterans Today, told Press TV that James Clapper who spoke out against former secretary of state’s emphasis on a no-fly zone over Syria is responsible, because the American officials obtain their intelligence on the Syrian conflict from the spy chief. 
“The public position of the United States vis-à-vis Syria was established based on intelligence supplied exclusively by James Clapper,” Duff noted, adding, “He (Clapper) is the one that talks about the gas, he’s the one who talks about the barrel bombs, [and] everything that’s been disproven.” 
He said, “Every crazy scheme that the US comes up with to blame Syria for killing its own people or the Russians for slaughtering people in hospitals, it all comes from James Clapper, the director of the National Intelligence Agency, who fed that information to Secretary Clinton, who fed that information to President [Barack] Obama.” 
“Clinton said that she favored a no-fly zone only if acceptable for both Russia and Damascus and after negotiations,” which is a very different story than the one said by the spy chief for political purposes, Duff said. 
Duff added that the imposition of “no-fly zone obviously is going to help no one but al-Nusra [Front] and ISIS (Daesh)” terrorists. 
Damascus and Moscow carry out airstrikes against terrorist groups who wreak havoc in the Arab country, but the US and its allies push for imposing a no-fly zone on Syria to pursue their agenda in the war-ridden state. 
Since March 2011, Syria has been gripped with foreign-backed militancy, which has left hundreds of thousands of people dead or wounded and millions of others homeless. Loading ...",1
3994,Pope Francis Tells EU Leaders: Populism Is ’Egotism’,"Thomas D. Williams, Ph.D.","Solidarity is “the most effective antidote to modern forms of populism,” Pope Francis told European Union leaders Friday, in a politically charged speech denouncing nationalism as a modern form of selfishness. [In his address to more than 20 European heads of state assembled in Rome for the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome that marked the beginning of the European Economic Community (EEC) the Pope advocated a stronger, consolidated Europe against the rising tide of populist movements.  The pontiff contrasted solidarity, which draw us “closer to our neighbors,” with populism, which is “the fruit of an egotism that hems people in and prevents them from overcoming and ‘looking beyond’ their own narrow vision. ” As a number of European countries prepare for important national elections pitting   leaders against mostly established,   parties, the Pope took an unusually overt stand in favor of a Eurocentric vision of the future of the region. “There is a need to start thinking once again as Europeans,” Francis said, “so as to avert the opposite dangers of a dreary uniformity or the triumph of particularisms. ” “Politics needs this kind of leadership, which avoids appealing to emotions to gain consent, but instead, in a spirit of solidarity and subsidiarity, devises policies that can make the Union as a whole develop harmoniously,” he added. This union will only be lasting and successful if the common will of Europe “proves more powerful than the will of individual nations,” Francis said, quoting the Prime Minister of Luxembourg. France will hold its first round of elections on April 23, followed by a second round on May 7. The latest polls show the Socialist candidate Emmanuel Macron just one percentage point behind the Eurosceptic   Marine   who presently stands to win 25 percent of the first round of voting. Meanwhile in its federal election slated for next September 24, Germany’s chancellor Angela Merkel of the   Christian Democratic Union (CDU) will face off against Martin Schulz of the Social Democratic party, as well as the small but growing Alternative für Deutschland (AfD) party. Merkel’s CDU is part of a strong coalition that includes the Christian Social Union (CSU) as well as the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). Despite Merkel’s ebbing popularity, she is still the current favorite for the fall elections. In Italy, although a date for the next general elections has not yet been set, a new survey this week put the Eurosceptic   Movement at 32. 3 percent of the vote, five and a half points ahead of the ruling   Democratic Party (PD). The poll also put found that the right wing populist Northern League party would currently take 12. 8 percent of the vote, ahead of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia at 12. 7 percent. In his address Friday, Pope Francis described Europe as strongest when it “refuses to yield to fear or close herself off in false forms of security,” asserting that “her history has been greatly determined by encounters with other peoples and cultures. ” Europe’s history, he insisted, “is, and always has been, a dynamic and multicultural identity. ” While recognizing that “one frequently has the sense that there is a growing ‘split’ between the citizenry and the European institutions, which are often perceived as distant and inattentive to the different sensibilities present in the Union,” Francis nonetheless continued to advocate for a strong European Union over a shift toward greater decision making at the national level. “Today the European Union needs to recover the sense of being primarily a ‘community’ of persons and peoples, to realize that ‘the whole is greater than the part, but it is also greater than the sum of its parts,’” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
3995,"‘Chairman Cash’ – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis",The Doc,"‘Chairman Cash’ – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » ‘Chairman Cash’ – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis 
“Chairman cash.” A new meme has just been born… 

Submitted by Michael Krieger : 
Last Friday, I published a post titled, John Podesta’s Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State , which understandably got totally buried in the madness surrounding the latest FBI news. Here’s the first paragraph of that post: 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta’s brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women’s rights when the pay is good? 
Indeed, it’s not just relatives of Podesta who know how to rake in the cash. John is no slouch either, as Politico explained in an article published earlier today. 
Here are a few excerpts: 
Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, last year signed a $7,000-a-month contract with the foundation of a major Clinton donor who made a fortune selling a type of mortgage that some critics say contributed to the housing collapse, hacked emails show. 
In February of last year, as Podesta was working to lay the groundwork for Clinton’s soon-to-launch campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, he signed the contract with the Sandler Foundation, which was started by Herb Sandler and his late wife Marion Sandler. 
The contract — a copy of which was included in emails illegally obtained from Podesta’s Gmail account and disseminated Monday by WikiLeaks — is still active, according to Herb Sandler, who said that it calls for Podesta to provide advice on grant-making and other foundation functions. 
It’s unusual for the full-time chairman of a general-election presidential campaign to maintain an active side deal with a major donor to that campaign — let alone to raise money from that donor for the campaign. 
The WikiLeaks cache shows that Podesta provided Sandler with philanthropic advice and assortments of cheeses and pastas as gifts on the holidays, while Sandler offered all manner of political observations and once tried to get Podesta to arrange for former President Bill Clinton to write a blurb for a book written by one of Sandler’s friends. 
Lobster risotto? 
But Sandler brushed aside any concerns about potential conflicts of interest. 
“I have never asked for anything of any political person — zero requests ever,” Sandler said. “If they’re responsive, it’s because they regard me as thoughtful, and a major contributor to Democratic causes,” Sandler said, adding that Podesta “knows that he doesn’t get bullshit from me. He knows I have no hidden agenda. He knows that my values are similar to his and that we care about people and not the billionaires, even though I ended up by some crazy thing to be one.” 
Neither Podesta nor the Clinton campaign responded to questions about the contract. 
Herb Sandler’s Clinton-related giving picked up last December after a visit from Podesta. 
The campaign’s finance director Dennis Cheng responded “Great!!,” calling Podesta “#ChairmanCash.” 
“Chairman cash.” A new meme has just been born. 
The very next day, Sandler gave $1.5 million to Priorities USA Action, to which he has now given a total of $3 million, FEC records show. 
The family’s fortune comes from the savings and loan institution that Herb and Marion Sandler ran for decades, a bank that became World Savings. It would end up making boatloads of cash from a type of adjustable rate mortgage that other lenders would later adopt, securitize and sell in a way that some have blamed for contributing to the housing bubble that burst in 2008. Not long before the burst and subsequent recession, the Sandlers sold the bank for $25.5 billion to Wachovia, earning $2.6 billion off the sale and donating most of their net worth to their foundation. Wachovia was later acquired by Wells Fargo. 
The Sandlers met Podesta when they helped seed the Center for American Progress, the think tank he started in 2003 as a sort of Democratic administration in exile during George W. Bush’s presidency. Tax filings show that the Sandler Foundation has donated more than $37 million over the years to CAP, which worked to support President Barack Obama’s administration but has always been seen as more aligned with Clinton. 
Center for American Progress…where have we heard that before? Oh yeah, in last week’s post, Dennis Kucinich’s Extraordinary Warning on D.C.’s Think Tank Warmongers , we learned: 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America’s current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on “mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
Remember peasants, war is ok if “liberals” do it. Now back to Politico … 
The WikiLeaks emails reveal that Podesta and his team at the Center for American Progress discussed how to push back on scrutiny of the Sandlers related to the 2008 housing collapse. That included an October 2008 “Saturday Night Live” sketch in which an actor playing Herb Sandler thanked members of Congress “for helping block congressional oversight of our corrupt activity.” 
Podesta wrote to his colleagues that he’d talked to Herb Sandler, and “they are obviosly [sic] upset. Weird that snl should pick them out.” 
After doing some research, a subordinate replied that “it appears default rates on their stuff was high (herb says not more so than others) and the losses were key to almsot wachovia failure — athough herb emphasizes that they were only one of the institutions problems.” 
Sandler told POLITICO that any suggestion that his bank’s products contributed to the collapse were “a bunch of bullshit,” pointing out that their bank used a risk-averse approach to their loans, which had among the lowest default rate in the industry. 
But Scott Walter, president of Capital Research Center, a conservative nonprofit that monitors the giving of major liberal donors including Sandler, argued that Podesta’s newly revealed contractual relationship with Sandler stood in stark contrast to Clinton’s efforts to cast herself as tough on the financial industry. 
“This is another instance where the Clinton campaign has been revealed to have surprising links to some of the most dubious parts of the finance industry,” Walter said. 
The Sandlers’ philanthropy increasingly has focused on fighting financial inequality and the role of big money in politics — a subject about which Herb Sandler and Podesta emailed frequently, according to WikiLeaks. 
Interesting considering he is big money in politics, and seems to have no problem endlessly cheerleading the chosen candidate of America’s oligarchs. 
Sandler explained to POLITICO that during the process of working to launch the center, he realized “we had been picking his brain ad nauseum” for years without paying Podesta as a consultant — a scenario Sandler called “very unfair.” That led to the consulting contract, which Sandler cast as “a ripoff” for Podesta. “I’d pay a lot more for that advice,” Sandler said, calling Podesta “one the most intelligent, decent, thoughtful human beings I’d ever met.” 
In March, as Clinton’s Democratic primary campaign against Bernie Sanders grew increasingly bitter, Sandler emailed Podesta just to check up. 
“How are you?” Sandler wrote. “MIss you.” 
Call me crazy, but if he was really so focused on solving income inequality why wasn’t he supporting Bernie Sanders? 
But hey.",1
3996,Muckraking Marines Cards and Cannabis with Sheree Geo : Truth Frequency Radio,nan,"Muckraking Marines Cards and Cannabis with Sheree Geo >> EPISODE #30 AIRED: 11-10-2016 
2 Marines walk into a bar. They go into the ladies room, no one blinks an eye. Happy 241st Marines! Your two favorite lady leathernecks, Luckee and Star, celebrate the Marine Corps Birthday. We discuss the real news of today and exhort everyone to stay on top of the elites, make sure that just because the election is over, our job is not. Some pretty dark and ugly things that the power brokers of D.C. have come to light and we have proof of it. We will continue reporting on that as evidence comes in. Sen. Nancy Shaefer exposed abuse and was later murdered. Cynthia McKinney grill Rumsfeld on awarding huge contracts to those who engage in child sex slave rings, and she didn’t get reelected. Those who expose this are tamped down, and those who engage in it are rewarded. It is high time we do more than just vote. We must act. It stops now. We also talked about Cannabis and how it has passed in states. In the 2nd hour Sheree Geo weighs in on the events of today. Sheree gave us an overview on the what the cards and charts read for the state of our country. She gives us a message of what is going on and what we all as individuals need to do to ensure a better outcome. We talked of the election of Trump and what that means in geopolitics. We also talked about what that means for U.S. Israeli relations and what THAT means for those in Gaza and the Middle East. ",1
3997,CPAC Straw Poll Finds Overwhelming Support for Donald Trump - Breitbart,Ben Kew,"A straw poll conducted by The Washington Times at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) found overwhelming support for Donald Trump and his administration’s agenda amongst attendees. [The poll found that 86 percent of respondents “strongly or somewhat approve” of the job that Donald Trump is doing, compared to just 12 percent who somewhat or strongly disapprove of his work so far. Two percent said they were unsure.   When asked which issue was the most important to them, 46 percent of respondents pointed to the economy  —   encompassing jobs, taxes, and government spending  —   as the most important issue.  Meanwhile, 29 percent said that issues of national security and fighting radical Islam remained their number one issue, while 13 percent said that changing social attitudes on issues such as abortion, protecting the family, and religious freedom are their personal priority.  However, just 44 percent of respondents said that the country is now going in the right direction, while 47 per cent believe it remains on the wrong track.  A total of 1, 447 CPAC attendees participated in the poll, all of whom are likely to have conservative leanings due to the nature of the conference. The poll was completed both by hand and via email.  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
3998,6 Natural Herbs To Prevent Mental Disorders,noreply@blogger.com (Alexander Light),"6 Natural Herbs To Prevent Mental Disorders Antioxidants are found to play an important part in this regard. Herbs having antioxidant properties cancel the effects of oxidative compounds that are already present in the body. Since our body is incapable of producing antioxidants that can cancel the effects of all the oxidative free radicals, these have to be taken in the form of dietary supplements. Many herbs have been used since ancient times, for the prevention and treatment of almost every disease known to man. They can either be encapsulated or taken in form of herbal teas. The good thing about herbal treatments is that they do not pose any serious threats to one’s health as they have minimal side effects. MULUNGU BARK Mulungu bark is used in Central and South America for calming the nerves, improving the mood and aiding sleep. Mulungu contains erythravine, an active alkaloid which helps in anxiety reduction and protecting brain function. The flavanoids found in Mulungu are one of the best antioxidants and help in having a healthier brain. They are found to inhibit anxiety without any side effects and do not affect basic motor skills. Another effect of Mulungu is the strong physical sensation of well being. It elevates the mood as well. It is known to be helpful with brain diseases like epilepsy, insomnia and anxiety. Studies have shown that all these diseases lead to major brain disorders and other brain degenerative diseases. Mulungu can be taken on its own or with a stimulant like green tea to amplify its effects. It gives mental clarity and improves brain function. MUCUNA PRURIENS Mucuna has been used in ayurvedic medicine since 1500 B.C and is also known as the velvet bean. Mucuna contains L.dopa which is a biochemical precursor to several neurotransmitters. Dopamine happens to be one of these neurotransmitters in addition to adrenaline and noradrenalin, and it supports improved brain function and increased memory. It also regulates the mood and cognition. Mucuna is widely known as an anti aging herb. The antioxidant properties make it anti inflammatory and effective towards the protection of neurons. It protects brain function by keeping a check over cognitive and neural functions. Mucuna’s secret benefit is that it fights redness in brain, which is one of the symptoms of brain degradation. PASSIFLORA INCARNATA (PASSION FLOWER) Passion flower, also called apricot vine, was found in 1956 in Peru. Passion flower is used in herbal medicines to promote calmness and relaxation. It is also found to be very helpful in reducing anxiety. In synergy with other forms of treatment, it is found to be effective in reducing anxiety, irritability, insomnia and agitation. It also helps with psychiatric disorder called adjustment disorder with anxious mood. Passion flower also helps with sleep disorders and seizures. The best way to take passion flower is, as an herbal tea. According to the NYU Langone Medical Center, you should drink one cup of passion flower tea, three times a day. SCUTELLARIA LATERIFLORA (SKULLCAP) A natural tranquilizer, Skullcap is an American perennial herb found from New York to Virginia and southwards to South Carolina, Alabama and Missouri. Skullcap is a very powerful medicinal herb. It is used in treatments of many nervous related disorders like epilepsy, hysteria, insomnia and anxiety. It is also used in the treatment of ADD and a number of other nervous disorders. It is anti inflammatory, antispasmodic, febrifuge, sedative and tonic in nature. It contains volatile oils, tannins and scutellarins that are very helpful in mental disorders. Research suggests it possesses mood enhancing properties and protects brain against damaging effects caused by inflammation. According to HerbsList , Skullcap eases muscle spasms, muscle twitching and may help in ailments that involve involuntary limb movement, such as Parkinson’s disease and epilepsy. PIPER METHYSTICUM KAVA From the roots and stem of the piper methysticum plant, a non-alcoholic beverage is made. This herb is found in the islands of South Pacific. It is being used since the early 90’s as the herbal medicine for stress and anxiety. It contains kava lactones which are responsible for its psychoactive qualities. They work in the brain to produce non narcotic action against anxiety. Kava is beneficial for anxiety and doesn’t affect heart rate or blood pressure. Other disorders where Kava has been found beneficial are migraines, ADHD, psychosis, depression and chronic fatigue syndrome. GINSENG Ginseng, also called Panax ginseng, and is a widely used herbal remedy, all over the world. Its health benefits have been known for over thousands of years. It is used as a tonic to balance, stimulate and relax the nervous system. It brings strength and wisdom. Ginseng is an adaptogen. Adaptogens are known to make us more resilient to mental and physical stress. They reduce the stress hormone cortisol and increase the adrenal gland. Adaptogens can calm you down and boost your energy without over stimulation. It has the same relaxing effect and increased alertness as experiences after green tea. It helps in getting better sleep, increased energy levels and greater personal satisfaction. It is also helpful with the treatment of depression by regulating serotonin, dopamine and noreprinephrine. It works as brain booster and protector. It improves brain function and concentration. It helps with memory issues and protects against age related mental issues. Ginseng also works as an antioxidant and helps in protecting the brain cells against free radical damage. Increasingly large numbers of people are suffering from brain diseases like Alzheimer’s and Dementia . A number of medicines are also available to help with the symptoms, but they are heavy on the pocket and come with many side effects. These herbs have been in use since hundreds of years and do not pose any health threats. Continuous use of these herbs will ensure a healthy brain, strong enough to fight away any disease. By Alma Causey http://mobile.dudamobile.com/site/preventdisease/default?url=http%3A%2F%2Fpreventdisease.com%2Fnews%2F16%2F102516_6-Natural-Herbs-To-Prevent-Mental-Disorders.shtml#3037  ",1
3999,Brokaw: ’Democrats Have a Lot of Reconstruction to Do of Their Own Party’ - Breitbart,Jeff Poor,".@tombrokaw: The Democrats have a lot of reconstruction to do of their own party  https:  .  Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” former NBC “Nightly News” anchor Tom Brokaw advised Democrats to pick and choose their fights, including their obstruction efforts of Supreme Court justice nominee Neil Gorsuch.  “A lot of young people come up to me and say, ‘I’m just outraged by what’s going on,’” Brokaw said. “I say, ‘Rage is not a policy.’ That’s my advice to them. You’ve got to figure out what you want to do. For example, there’s going to be a big pushback about Judge Gorsuch from the Democrats. They’re going to make that one of the testing places for them. The fact is, this man has a very distinct background in the judicial world. He has a doctorate from Oxford. I have friends in the federal judiciary that don’t agree with his philosophy but say there is not a better judge in the federal circuit right now. So why pick that as a fight because who are you going to get next and what issues are you going to raise given the reality of where the Democrats are at this moment. ” According to Brokaw, Democrats have their own internal problems and not putting the effort to rebuilding their own party will be to their detriment. “They’re playing by the Republican playbook, frankly, for the last eight years,” he added. “And the other thing is, Democrats have a lot of reconstruction to do of their own party and that’s what they ought to be thinking about and that’s what they should be getting  —   they ought to be out in the middle of America saying what do we need to know from you rather than sitting in Washington, reelecting Nancy Pelosi after they lost the House three different times. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0