597,"Along Mosul’s Front Line, Desperate Civilians and Dug-In Troops and Fighters - The New York Times",Tyler Hicks,"In the battle against the Islamic State for Mosul, Iraq’s   city, there is no continuous front line, but a patchwork of battlegrounds in the city and all around its edge. When the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, retreats from a position, it tries to leave as much damage behind as possible, including burning oil field wells to provide concealment ahead of a government advance. Snipers are also in place, ready to strike. A village or neighborhood that is retaken by government troops could soon be flooded again with extremist fighters, who are rarely far away. I recently spent three weeks in this volatile zone, first with the Iraqi Army in eastern Mosul and then, after setbacks for the army, whose    battle of attrition was not going the way it had hoped, with units of the Iraqi federal police. The police, traveling in armored vehicles, are playing a significant role in the battle for Mosul, sometimes supporting the army. They are also responsible for holding their own territory around the city. The police have been tasked with maintaining areas of the front line nearby, ISIS fighters are ready and in position. When holding ground and not on an advance, the two sides intermittently exchange rifle and mortar fire,   shows of force that tend to harass more than inflict serious casualties. For the two days I was embedded with the police, they had been ordered to pause in their advance. So for the most part, they were left to wait along a muddy front until the next push forward. For the civilians trapped by the fighting, life is bleak, and most are desperate to leave. Areas along the contested front have no water, no electricity and no way for people to obtain basic supplies. Those trapped by the fighting and those who return hoping to restart their lives  —   or at least to recover some belongings  —   are at risk of being caught in the   and injuries and deaths among civilians are increasing. When government forces liberate an area, most civilians act quickly to try to evacuate. However, the Islamic State appears eager to keep as many civilians as possible in the urban center, using them as shields against aggressive bombing campaigns by the government and coalition forces. Anyone seen fleeing risks a sniper attack. Government troops sometimes escort families to safety, urging them to hurry through streets that offer little cover. Once civilians reach a safe zone, a more organized system is in place to transport them in buses and on the backs of trucks to camps for displaced people. On the way, they receive donations of food and water. Iraqi forces have been told to destroy evidence of the Islamic State after retaking an area, but signs of its control can sometimes be difficult to efface. Coalition   bombings destroyed an Islamic State training base in a former agricultural college in the town of Hamam Alil, below. But ISIS writing, which states the name of a unit, remains visible on the wall. Residents, like the women below in the town of Bashiqa, are starting to return to areas recently freed from the Islamic State to learn what became of their homes and to gather the few belongings that have not been looted or destroyed. The woman below was recovering a wedding photo from the rubble in Bashiqa, northeast of Mosul. The town, famous for its olive groves, was once a popular day trip destination from the city and had a large population of Yazidis. The Islamic State’s control of Mosul and the nearby area separated families for long stretches. The relatives below, reunited on the side of the road, had not seen one another in two years. The battle for Mosul has forced many tens of thousands from their homes, and displaced people are a common sight along the roads across the city. Early in my assignment, I accompanied the Iraqi Army to this neighborhood below, which is in the eastern part of Mosul, where civilians dared to venture outside as government troops patrolled. But just a few hours after this photo was taken, Islamic State fighters attacked an Iraqi Army field base nearby, killing soldiers, destroying their armored vehicles and almost immediately posting a YouTube video triumphantly showing their accomplishment. After that, access for photographers was severely curtailed by the army, and journalists quickly went from having a   seat to this very critical battle to struggling to get any information at all. Ambulances carrying those gravely injured from sniper fire, artillery, mortars and mines are driven out of Mosul in a steady flow en route to hospitals in nearby Erbil. When fighting is heavy, dozens of injured people arrive at the hospitals every hour. Field hospitals inside Mosul have few supplies, so victims must be evacuated to where they can be treated. Some do not survive the journey. The emergency vehicles offered me one of the most reliable indications of how the battle was going, and a chance to document the results. The government has been trying to consolidate its gains, first in the outer provincial villages, and now in suburbs and city districts ever closer to the city center. But the Islamic State had a long time to prepare for this battle, and its fighters are skilled and   taking full advantage of their underground network of tunnels throughout the region. A long and difficult fight lies ahead for Iraqi forces trying to liberate Mosul, like this lone federal policeman on a still very dangerous and shifting front line.",0
598,"As Second Avenue Subway Opens, a Train Delay Ends in (Happy) Tears - The New York Times",Emma G. Fitzsimmons,"Finally. The Second Avenue subway opened in New York City on Sunday, with thousands of riders flooding into its polished stations to witness a piece of history nearly a century in the making. They descended beneath the streets of the Upper East Side of Manhattan to board Q trains bound for Coney Island in Brooklyn. They cheered. Their eyes filled with tears. They snapped selfies in front of colorful mosaics lining the walls of the stations. It was the first day of 2017, and it felt like a new day for a city that for so long struggled to build this sorely needed subway line. In a rare display of unbridled optimism from hardened New Yorkers, they arrived with huge grins and wide eyes, taking in the bells and whistles at three new stations. “I was very choked up,” Betsy Morris, 70, said as she rode the first train to leave the 96th Street station, at noon. “How do you explain something that you never thought would happen? It’s going to change the way everybody lives as far as commuting goes. ” It was a major moment for New York’s sprawling transit system after decades of failed efforts to bring the line to one of the few corners of Manhattan the subway did not reach. The opening of the first segment of the line  —   an extension of the Q train to 96th Street  —   promises to lighten the crush of passengers on the Nos. 4, 5 and 6 trains along Lexington Avenue, the nation’s most overcrowded subway line, which had been the only line on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. When the stations opened shortly before noon, they were quickly filled with giddy riders both young and old, and strollers, suitcases and dogs  —   all familiar sights across the system. But for all the excitement, the line, with just three new stops, is much more modest than the ambitious route running the length of Manhattan that was once envisioned. It serves a relatively affluent and not very diverse part of the city, which has more than eight and a half million people and many   and minority residents who live far from a subway line. With the subway reaching its highest ridership levels since 1948, much of the aging system is plagued by crowding and delays, even as subway and bus fares are expected to rise again in March. Still, there was reason to cheer. The opening of a new subway line is a rare occasion in the United States and comes at a time of mounting concern about the deteriorating state of the nation’s infrastructure, from its roadways and bridges to its public transit systems. Few new subway stations have opened in recent years, even as expansive subway networks have sprouted in Asia, and most American cities never built any in the first place. The major subways in the Northeast  —   in New York, Washington and Boston  —   are grappling with old equipment and funding shortfalls, with Washington experiencing a near meltdown over safety problems. With mounting bills for basic maintenance, these subways have largely failed to grow. So the arrival of the   Second Avenue subway, which was first proposed in the 1920s, was a notable achievement for the   Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which runs the city’s vast network of subways, buses and commuter railroads. The first phase of the project took nearly a decade to build and cost about $4. 4 billion. With the opening, the map of the city’s loved and loathed subway adds three new stations, bringing the total to 472  —   the most of any subway in the world. A station that opened at Hudson Yards on Manhattan’s Far West Side in 2015 was the city’s first new station in a  . On Sunday, New Yorkers were mesmerized by the artwork adorning the walls. At the 72nd Street stop, Sumana Harihareswara stopped to gaze at a mosaic of a woman of South Asian descent dressed in a burgundy sari, looking at her cellphone. Ms. Harihareswara was overcome with emotion. “I don’t think I’ve ever come across subway art before that makes me feel so seen,” she said through tears. “This woman could be my aunt she could be my cousin. ” She and a stranger exchanged a knowing glance. “Representation matters,” they agreed. Ms. Harihareswara, a longtime transit enthusiast from Astoria, Queens, said she was struck by the diversity portrayed in the mosaics, including a mural of a gay couple holding hands. “There is no feeling quite like seeing yourself cemented into the infrastructure of New York,” Ms. Harihareswara said. After decades of aborted efforts to build the Second Avenue line, and at least three groundbreakings in the 1970s, construction on the current segment began in 2007. The line was originally projected to open in 2013, but subway officials pushed the deadline to the end of 2016 many years ago. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat who effectively controls the authority, pressed officials to meet the December 2016 deadline even as concerns grew that the subway would not be ready in time. Still, the agency made the deadline  —   just barely  —   with a lavish inaugural ride on New Year’s Eve for a collection of dignitaries that culminated in a midnight toast. Although many New Yorkers believe the city runs the subways, it is actually the governor who appoints the authority’s chairman and holds considerable sway over the agency. Mr. Cuomo has capitalized on the Second Avenue opening to raise his national profile, overshadowing his frequent nemesis Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat who attended the inaugural ride on Saturday but was not given a speaking slot. Despite general good will over the opening, some transit advocates expressed concerns over the high cost of the project and questioned whether officials would move aggressively to extend the line to 125th Street in East Harlem as planned. On Sunday morning, Mr. Cuomo arrived at the 96th Street station with the authority’s chairman, Thomas F. Prendergast, to join the first trip for regular riders, who cheered as the train pulled out of the station. Then Mr. Cuomo’s voice came over the loudspeaker. “Rest assured: I’m not driving the train,” he joked. The first day of service was smooth, although there were a few hiccups. Around 3 p. m. there were delays on the Q line because of a train with mechanical problems at the City Hall station. About an hour earlier, the elevator at the new 86th Street stop had begun to malfunction, stranding passengers above and below ground. Strollers were wheeled onto steep escalators. Parents became upset. Jill Tallmer, 62, and her mother, Margot Tallmer, 91, contemplated visiting another day. “We’ve been waiting for 10 years, or more, to ride,” the younger Ms. Tallmer said while standing with her mother, a lifelong New Yorker who is in a wheelchair. “Hopefully, it’s almost ready for us. ” It was not, and they left after a few minutes. At the 72nd Street station, George Braith, a jazz saxophonist, was being mobbed by an eager pack of veritable paparazzi. The reason for his newfound celebrity: His likeness is featured in a mosaic there. “Would you look at that guy?” Mr. Braith, 77, said. “Pretty handsome fellow if you ask me. ” He is one of several local celebrities portrayed in the artwork, including chef Daniel Boulud. In Mr. Braith’s mosaic, he is clad in a slick red blazer and carrying his signature Braithophone, alto and soprano saxophones melded into one. Taking the instrument from his suitcase, he obliged the crowd with a brief tune. “Are you famous?” a   asked, seeing the hubbub. “In the jazz world,” Mr. Braith replied. The man shook his head and said, “Well, you’re immortalized as far as I’m concerned. ” Another   celebrant, Ian Ma, 15, lives in Sheepshead Bay, a waterfront neighborhood in southern Brooklyn that is nowhere near the new subway line. But he has been enchanted by trains since he started rolling toy models on the floor as a child, he said, and he cajoled his parents into giving him a ride. “I feel like I’ve been waiting for this train my whole life,” he said, seemingly speaking for many others.",0
599,71-Year-Old Cher Dons See-Through Top and Nipple Pasties at Billboard Awards,Lucas Nolan,"Pop icon Cher left little to the imagination while performing some of her biggest hits at Sunday night’s Billboard Music Awards, the singer’s first awards show concert in 15 years. [The    icon performed her smash hits “Believe” and “If I Could Turn Back Time” Sunday night before accepting the ceremony’s Icon Award for her   career in the music industry.  The   and   danced on stage wearing a silver diamante dress, with her chest covered up by   nipple pasties. The sparkling dress, which consisted of multiple hanging diamond strips, barely covered the singers chest and groin area. She later returned to the stage in a black catsuit and a large   wig, a throwback to her early 80s look.  “So, I wanted to do what I do since I was 4 years old, and I’ve been doing it for 53 years,” Cher said in accepting the Icon Award. “That is not an applause thing, I’m 71 yesterday! And I can do a   plank, okay? Just saying. ” The singer steered clear of politics in her acceptance speech, focusing instead on the advice she received when she was younger and on something her mother told her before she became famous, that she would never be the “smartest,” the “prettiest,” or the “most talented,” but she would be “special. ” “I think luck has so much to do with with my success,” she continued. “I think it was mostly luck and a little bit of something thrown in. ” Cher’s outfit drew plenty of commentary on social media and on television, including on Good Morning Britain, where host Piers Morgan said he was not a fan. “At what point do Cher’s outfits become inappropriate? She’s 70,” he said. “That one in particular, come on, Cher, for goodness’ sake, love. ”   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0