6993,Garlic: 12 Serious Health Benefits | Underground Health,Christopher David,"Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name Red Banana Health Benefits 
by Elisabeth Dahl – JillianMichaels.com If you’re looking to add some variety to your fruit bowl, consider the red banana. They’re available year-round in supermarkets and specialty stores. Use them as you would yellow bananas — eating them raw, slicing them into fruit salads or baking or frying them. While tasty, these purplish bananas are also […] How GMO foods alter Human DNA 
How GMO foods alters human DNA as explained by the one and only “Health Ranger” Mike Adams. Mike does a great job explaining just how GMO foods work to alter the GNA code of human beings over time. The more GMO food that is ingested, the more the DNA is changed. This change occurs over […] Neurosurgeon Speaks Out On How Vaccines Harm Child Brain Development 
by Dave Mihalovic – Prevent Disease Arguably one of the most outspoken and articulate leaders in raising awareness on the dangers of vaccination, Dr. Russell Blaylock, MD, provides compelling arguments why the vaccination of pregnant women is harmful and a hidden cause of neurological disorders. He also discusses the toxic ingredients in vaccines such as formaldehyde, […] Is eating vegan the key to superhuman strength? 
by Jonathan Wells – The Telegraph “The world’s strongest animals are plant-eaters. Gorillas, buffaloes, elephants and me”. It was with these words that, earlier this week, Barnabas du Plessis revealed himself to be the new spokesperson for animal rights and vegan advocacy organisation PETA. A world-renowned body-builder and former Mr Universe, du Plessis cut meat, fish, eggs and […] The Herxheimer Reaction: Feeling Worse Before Feeling Better 
The Herxheimer Reaction is a short-term (from days to a few weeks) detoxification reaction in the body. by Silver Colloids As the body detoxifies, it is not uncommon to experience flu-like symptoms including headache, joint and muscle pain, body aches, sore throat, general malaise, sweating, chills, nausea or other symptoms. This is a normal — […] The Best Ways to Get Your Own Alkaline Ionized Water 
If you’re interested in discovering the best way to start reaping the benefits of drinking alkaline ionized water, you’ve come to the right place. Let’s explore the best ways of getting your own alkaline water so you can begin enjoying the many health benefits it has to offer. Home Alkaline Water Ionizer Machine: The cream […] What Most Doctors Won’t Tell You About Cholesterol 
Why don’t many doctors tell you the truth about cholesterol? Cholesterol that naturally occurs in animal foods is not harmful to your health! But it can become harmful to your health if it is damaged by exposure to high levels of heat and/or harsh processing techniques. by Dr. Ben Kim – Drbenkim.com During my university years, […] U.S. Senate Reaches Deal on National GMO Labeling 
(AP – NBC News) Senators have a bipartisan deal to require labeling of genetically modified ingredients nationally, a week before a labeling law in Vermont goes into effect. The deal announced Thursday (July 23, 2106) by the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Agriculture Committee would require the nationwide labeling of genetically modified organisms, or […] Varicose Veins: Is There Hope? 
Varicose veins are difficult for conventional medicine to treat. Alternative medicine shows some promise and can alleviate, even regress, some of the symptoms. by Anna Sienicka – HomeopathicCare.ca When valves inside the veins are weak or absent, or return of blood from congested areas is inefficient, veins can become enlarged and swollen aching. Varicose veins are […] Dehydration a leading cause of diseases 
Dehydration is a lot more than just not drinking enough water. The side effects of being dehydrated involve numerous body systems and symptoms can range from mild to life threatening. by Dr. Cory – New Vision Water makes up a large percentage of blood, the life giving red liquid that brings oxygen, nutrients and vital […] The brain on LSD revealed in groundbreaking images 
by Ian Sample – The Guardian The profound impact of LSD on the brain has been laid bare by the first modern scans of people high on the drug. The images, taken from volunteers who agreed to take a trip in the name of science, have given researchers an unprecedented insight into the neural basis […] Put Down the Pork Chops! US Pork is Hazardous to Your Health 
Pork Chops Are Hazardous To Your Health – Stop Eating Them! by Anna Brones | Organic Authority While bacon-anything gets a free pass in the foodie world, the reality is that pork is a dirty business–for the pigs, for the environment and for public health. China’s pork industry is buying up US companies in an attempt […] Copper may play key role in Alzheimer’s disease 
New research shows that copper may play a large role in Alzheimer’s disease! by Melissa Healy – LA Times New research finds that copper in amounts readily found in our drinking water, the foods we eat and the vitamin supplements we take likely plays a key role in initiating and fueling the abnormal protein build-up and […] Homeopathy is ineffective? Decide for yourself! 
By Anna Sienicka Let’s start at the very beginning of what Homeopathy is, a few years ago I didn’t know myself and kept calling it ‘home something’. I was studying Kinesiology and Health Science at York University, working out 5 times a week, eating a super healthy diet, but still had a skin condition, diagnosed […] Subscribe For Free! Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name ",1
6994,What to Do If You Get Sick Abroad - The New York Times,Shivani Vora,"Getting sick can put a damper on any vacation, but it can be especially unsettling and even scary when it happens in another country. Here, Matthew Klapetzky, a registered nurse and the clinical director of Passport Health, the travel clinic at the University of Rochester School of Nursing, shares tips on what to do if illness hits you while abroad. “The majority of minor health issues that international travelers contend with can easily be   with a good   kit,” Mr. Klapetzky said. It should include an   medication such as Imodium   or   because diarrhea is the most common ailment among travelers from the United States and hits around half of them. “This happens when your body gets a stomach bug as a reaction to a natural bacteria of a given land, and though it’s not usually serious, it lasts two to four days and can be extremely dehydrating,” he said. Other musts in the kit: ibuprofen to reduce fevers, muscle inflammation and joint pain bandages in assorted sizes along with an antibiotic ointment such as Neosporin for cuts and wounds oral rehydration supplements such as CeraLyte to replenish electrolytes lost through sweating and diarrhea blister pads and fiber supplements to ease constipation, also common during travel. Also, be sure to carry an EpiPen if you have allergies such as to tree nuts. If you twist your ankle, develop heat rash or have another    situation where you need to see a doctor, don’t hesitate to use local care. “Remember that the doctors where you are in the world are used to treating ailments specific to that region, such as severe sunburn, which is common in the tropics, so they are going to be your best bet to treat such issues,” Mr. Klapetzky said. Travelers can find local medical care through the State Department website but should be aware that the department does not take responsibility for the quality of service provided by any doctor or hospital on the list. In more dire health situations such as a heart attack or serious car accident, Mr. Klapetzky suggested contacting the local embassy of the United States. “The embassy can help get you airlifted out of the country and back home if that’s what’s required and can also help you, if you need it, arrange to have money wired over to pay for your care,” he said. Travelers should note that while the embassy is a valuable resource, it does not pay for these services or any medical care.",0
6995,Texas county switches to 'emergency paper ballots',-NO AUTHOR-,"Texas county switches to 'emergency paper ballots' After 'glitches' reported with election software Published: 30 mins ago 
(INFOWARS) A county in Texas has switched to “emergency paper ballots” after electronic voting machines in the region suffered technical glitches. 
Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne issued a press release Tuesday night announcing electronic voting would be suspended until the glitches affecting voting machines could be corrected. 
“The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot,” states the press release.",1
6996,Former British Ambassador Claims Source Of Podesta Leaks “Comes From Within Washington”,Zero Hedge,"
With the media gripped by accusatory speculation regarding the identity of the source behind the Wikileaks leak of hacked Podesta and DNC emails, much of it focused on Russia, a new theory has emerged from Craig Murray, the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, who tells Sputnik (a Russian media outlet) that the source of the leaks are not Russian hackers but a Washington insider.
“The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam’s whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow .”

Asked about whether or not WikiLeaks have ever published information at the behest of Moscow, Murray said that “WikiLeaks has never published any material received from the Russian government or from any proxy of the Russian government. It’s simply a completely untrue claim designed to divert attention from the content of the material.”
While blasted by Washington, first by Republicans several years ago, and most recently by Democrats, the WikiLeaks revelations have often been hailed as a champion of accountability.
“I think whistleblowers have become extremely important in the West because the propaganda model — as Chomsky puts it — has been reinforced to the extent that people don’t get any true information out of the media at all. It’s worth saying that Julian Assange and WikiLeaks are publishers; they publish what whistleblowers leak to them,” Mr. Murrary told Sputnik.
Yet, whistleblowers in the US continue to be subject to lengthy prison sentences. A key example is Chelsea Manning, who was sentenced on August 21, 2013 to a thirty five year sentence for providing WikiLeaks with sensitive military and diplomatic documents highlighting, among other things, US military conduct in Iraq. Murray also mentions the case of John Kiriakou, a former investigator of international terrorism with the CIA who turned whistleblower.
“The people who did the torture have suffered no comeback at all,” adds Mr. Murray.
Taking a step back and discussing the risk of geopolitical escalation between Russia and the US, Murray told Sputnik that “there is no chance whatsoever that Russia is going to ever attack the United States, that simply isn’t going to happen.”
“Just as Russia is not going to attack the United Kingdom. There never has been a chance that Russia would ever attack either of these two countries. But of course the narrative is all to do with power and funneling huge amounts of American taxpayer money into the defense industry and the security industry and these people are both from the class that benefits.”
It’s an extremely dangerous game, says Mr. Murray, and it feeds into a foreign policy that is completely mad.
“In Syria — and I should say I’m no fan of the Assad regime at all — but the idea that backing assorted groups of jihadists to tear the country apart is a better solution is crazy and it’s especially crazy when we’ve already messed up Iraq, Afghanistan and now we’re doing exactly the same thing again and you can see it doesn’t work, it only works in terms of promoting continued instability and continued spending for the military and the security services.”
Finally, Murray also believes that the public can’t get clear analysis of these issues from mainstream media, because they are part of the same money/power nexus.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . ",1
6997,A Peek Inside the Strange World of Fake Academia - The New York Times,Kevin Carey,"The caller ID on my office telephone said the number was from Las Vegas, but when I picked up the receiver I heard what sounded like a busy overseas call center in the background. The operator, “John,” asked if I would be interested in attending the 15th World Cardiology and Angiology Conference in Philadelphia next month. “Do I have to be a doctor?” I said, because I’m not one. I got the call because 20 minutes earlier I had entered my phone number into a website run by a Hyderabad, India, company called OMICS International. “You can have the student rate,” the man replied. With a 20 percent discount, it would be $599. The conference was in just a few weeks, I pointed out  —   would that be enough time for the academic paper I would be submitting to be properly reviewed? (Again, I know nothing about cardiology.) It would be approved on an “expedited basis” within 24 hours, he replied, and he asked which credit card I would like to use. If it seems that I was about to be taken, that’s because I was. OMICS International is a leader in the growing business of academic publication fraud. It has created scores of “journals” that mimic the look and feel of traditional scholarly publications, but without the integrity. This year the Federal Trade Commission formally charged OMICS with “deceiving academics and researchers about the nature of its publications and hiding publication fees ranging from hundreds to thousands of dollars. ” OMICS is also in the less   business of what might be called conference fraud, which is what led to the call from John. Both schemes exploit a fundamental weakness of modern higher education: Academics need to publish in order to advance professionally, get better jobs or secure tenure. Even within the halls of respectable academia, the difference between legitimate and fake publications and conferences is far blurrier than scholars would like to admit. OMICS is on the far end of the “definitely fake” spectrum. Real academic conferences evaluate potential participants by subjecting proposed papers and presentations to a rigorous   process. Some 15, 000 people attend the American Educational Research Association’s annual conference, for example, and only about a third of submitted proposals are accepted. In October, a New Zealand college professor submitted a paper to the   “International Conference on Atomic and Nuclear Physics,” which was held last month at the Hilton Atlanta Airport. It was written using the autocomplete feature on his iPhone, which produced an abstract that begins as follows: “Atomic Physics and I shall not have the same problem with a separate section for a very long long way. Nuclear weapons will not have to come out the same day after a long time of the year he added the two sides will have the two leaders to take the same way to bring up to their long ways of the same as they will have been a good place for a good time at home the united front and she is a great place for a good time. ” The paper was accepted within three hours. An OMICS employee who identified himself as Sam Dsouza said conference papers are reviewed by its “experts” within 24 hours of submission. He couldn’t provide a list of its reviewers or their credentials. Having dispensed with academic standards, OMICS makes money on volume. Its conferenceseries. com website lists hundreds of   academic meetings, many at vacation destinations like Las Vegas and Orlando, Fla. On Dec. 1 and 2, the “2nd International Congress on Neuroimmunology and Therapeutics,” the “13th International Conference on Vaccines, Therapeutics and Travel Medicine: Influenza and Infectious Diseases,” and the “International Conference on Clinical and Medical Genetics” were all held, simultaneously, at the Hilton Atlanta Airport. Stacking multiple fake conferences at the same hotel is a common practice, says Jeffrey Beall, a tenured University of Colorado Denver librarian. He maintains a website for identifying “predatory open access scholarly publishers” that masquerade as scholarly journals, but are actually in the business of pumping out worthless articles and exploiting scholars with hidden fees. “You just rent a hotel, make up a name and stand around while everyone is reading their papers,” Mr. Beall says. “It’s easy money. ” Mr. Beall’s list, which has grown to 923 publishers from 18 in 2011, also includes a British company called the “Infonomics Society. ” Like OMICS, it publishes a raft of journals, 17 in all, with legitimately   titles like “International Journal of Sustainable Energy Development. ” Mr. Beall calls Infonomics an “impostor scholarly society” that is “designed to generate as much revenue as possible. ” All 17 journals are run by a single person named Charles Shoniregun out of a modest   attached brick home in the outer suburbs of London. Infonomics also sponsors a series of conferences. But when I looked into one of them, the “World Conference on Special Needs Education,” or W. C. S. N. E. the story was more complex than I expected. Like many predatory publishers, the Infonomics website for W. C. S. N. E. has a certain        quality familiar to anyone who reads the spam folder in their email. “The Infonomics Society has an established reputation for promoting research esteem that is valued by research community,” it says. The W. C. S. N. E. is attended by “Policy Makers and Stakeholders who care deeply about bringing creative, innovative and rigorous learning practices barriers. ” The W. C. S. N. E. paper submissions guidelines warn that all papers must be strictly limited to “a total of 4 to 6 pages. ” That includes all figures, tables and references. Robert Kelchen, a professor of higher education at Seton Hall, says that this is “a red flag. ” Education research papers are typically much longer, he notes  —   the tables and reference pages alone can run to double digits. But short papers are easier to pack into a single “journal. ” The website included a long list of “Program Committee members” with impressive academic credentials, as well as “Keynote Speakers” for the coming conference, scheduled to be held in August at Temple University, the W. C. S. N. E. host for the last three years. But when I contacted those identified as committee members and speakers, many immediately replied that they had no idea they were on the website and had no affiliation with the W. C. S. N. E. The announced keynote speakers told me they were nothing of the kind. Within 24 hours of my inquiries, someone removed their names and biographies from the site and replaced them with a page that said “Keynote Speakers to be Announced!” A spokesman for Temple, Hillel Hoffmann, said the university condemned “predatory   publishing” and said no university money had been spent on the conference. He said that   learners in the community, including adult literacy students, had attended parts of the conference and had benefited from it, but that none had paid to participate. He added that the W. C. S. N. E. would no longer take place at Temple. Richard Cooper, the director of disability services at Harcum College, a private   institution in Philadelphia, helped create W. C. S. N. E. along with Mr. Shoniregun. He says he has no involvement with the paper selection process or financial aspects of the conference, simply serving as an organizer, presenter and master of ceremonies. He described it as a worthwhile gathering of scholars, many of whom live in Africa and India and pay hundreds of dollars in conference fees to attend. The papers presented at previous W. C. S. N. E. conferences don’t appear to have been composed using the autocomplete function on an iPhone. They mostly describe small qualitative studies and surveys that examine   ideas, break little new ground and use statistical jargon to make their findings seem more complicated than they really are. They very likely would be rejected by the American Educational Research Association. But they are also well within the bounds of what gets published in many scholarly journals that, while not prestigious, have never been called a fraud. Barba Patton, an education professor at the University of   in Victoria, Tex. defended the W. C. S. N. E. unreservedly. “I have attended ten to fifteen of the conferences in the U. S. Canada and in Europe,” she wrote via email. “I have no concerns about the website. You must remember that the conference reaches many who are using the British English rather than the American. ” Mr. Shoniregun did not respond to messages sent to his several email addresses. But he appears to have created a kind of hybrid conference that combines the shady,   internet marketing practices of OMICS with the more quotidian inattention to academic rigor that characterizes much of legitimate academia. Take the Society for Social Studies of Science (4S) by all accounts a legitimate organization. This year, Peter Dreier, chair of the Urban and Environmental Policy department at Occidental College, described how he submitted a proposal full of jargon, misquotation, non sequitur and general academic gobbledygook to an international conference sponsored by the 4S. It was accepted. “I look forward to meeting you in Tokyo,” the panel organizer wrote. Lucy Suchman, a sociologist at Britain’s Lancaster University and the president of 4S, acknowledges that the abstract review process is “not perfect” and that she would have rejected Mr. Dreier’s submission. But, she notes, 4S reviews hundreds of submissions every year with an “assumption of good faith. ” It would not have occurred to them that someone of Mr. Dreier’s standing in academia was engaged in such an “unfortunate prank,” she said, emphasizing the overall high quality of 4S presentations. There are real, prestigious journals and conferences in higher education that enforce and defend the highest standards of scholarship. But there are also many more Ph. D.  than there is space in those publications, and those people are all in different ways subject to the “publish or perish” system of professional advancement. The academic    system is subject to no real outside oversight. Standards are whatever the scholars involved say they are. So it’s not surprising that some academics have chosen to give one another permission to accumulate publication credits on their C. V.’s and spend some of the departmental travel budget on short holidays. Nor is it surprising that some canny operators have now realized that when standards are loose to begin with, there are healthy profits to be made in the gray areas of academe.",0
6998,"Trump’s New Travel Ban Blocks Migrants From Six Nations, Sparing Iraq - The New York Times",Glenn Thrush,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump signed an executive order on Monday blocking citizens of six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States, the most significant hardening of immigration policy in generations, even with changes intended to blunt legal and political opposition. The order was revised to avoid the tumult and protests that engulfed the nation’s airports after Mr. Trump signed his first immigration directive on Jan. 27. That order was ultimately blocked by a federal appeals court. The new order continued to impose a   ban on travelers, but it removed Iraq, a redaction requested by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who feared it would hamper coordination to defeat the Islamic State, according to administration officials. It also exempts permanent residents and current visa holders, and drops language offering preferential status to persecuted religious minorities, a provision widely interpreted as favoring other religious groups over Muslims. In addition, it reversed an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria, replacing it with a   freeze that requires review and renewal. But the heart of the sweeping executive action is still intact, reflecting Mr. Trump’s “America first” pledge to safeguard against what he has portrayed as a hidden influx of terrorists and criminals  —   a   campaign promise that resonated deeply with white   voters. The new order retains central elements of the old one, cutting the number of refugees admitted to the United States each year to 50, 000 from about 110, 000. Mr. Trump is also leaving open the possibility of expanding the ban to other countries, or even putting Iraq back on the banned list if the country’s leaders fail to comply with a requirement that they increase intelligence sharing, officials said. “Unregulated, unvetted travel is not a universal privilege, especially when national security is at stake,” said John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, appearing alongside Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Ronald Reagan Federal Building in Washington on Monday. Mr. Kelly said the order was now “prospective” and applied “only to foreign nationals outside of the United States” who do not have a valid visa. None of the men took questions. The Trump administration quickly tried to break the legal logjam, filing papers in United States District Court in Washington late on Monday seeking to lift an order blocking the fulfillment of the initial ban. But the president’s revisions did little to halt criticism from Democrats and immigrant rights advocates, who predicted a renewed fight in the courts. The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, described the new order as a “  ban” that was still “meanspirited and  . ” Margaret Huang, the executive director of Amnesty International USA, said in a statement that the new order would “cause extreme fear and uncertainty for thousands of families by, once again, putting   hatred into policy. ” The new measure will be phased in over the next two weeks to avoid the frenetic,   execution of the order in January, which prompted protests across the country and left tearful families stranded at airports abroad and in the United States. The redrafted order, delayed by a week so it would not overshadow Mr. Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress last Tuesday, represented a recognition that the rushed first attempt at the ban did not pass muster legally or politically. Administration officials privately conceded that the initial version of the order was a political debacle that damaged Mr. Trump’s nascent presidency. But they were much more sanguine about the second order, arguing that the new, multiagency review process could be used in the future to bend Mr. Trump’s uncompromising messages toward Washington’s bureaucratic realities. Mr. Trump signed the first ban with great fanfare, in front of reporters, at the Pentagon. “We don’t want them here,” Mr. Trump said of Islamist terrorists. “We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country, and love deeply our people. ” This time, the White House issued a photograph of the president signing the order alone at his desk in the Oval Office. Justice Department lawyers said the revisions rendered moot legal cases against the original travel ban. But opponents said the removal of a section that had granted preferential treatment to victims of religious persecution was a cosmetic change that did nothing to alter the order’s prejudicial purpose. Immigrant rights lawyers had argued that the provision was intended to discriminate against Muslims, pointing to recent statements by Mr. Trump. “This is a retreat, but let’s be clear  —   it’s just another run at a Muslim ban,” said Omar Jadwat, the director of the Immigrants’ Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups that sued to stop the first order. “They can’t unring the bell. ” Eric T. Schneiderman, the attorney general of New York and a plaintiff in a suit seeking to block the first order, said his office was reviewing the new ban, adding, “I stand ready to litigate  —   again  —   in order to protect New York’s families, institutions and economy. ” Congressional Republicans, who were split over the first travel ban, had a more muted reaction. But Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who backed the first order, issued a statement saying the revised order “advances our shared goal of protecting the homeland. ” Citizens of Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, Syria and Libya will face a   suspension of visa processing as the administration analyzes how to strengthen vetting procedures, according to a homeland security summary of the order. The removal of Iraq from the list came after talks with security officials in Baghdad and at the urging of Mr. Mattis and State Department officials, who have been in communication with Iraqi officials alarmed that the ban will turn public sentiment in their country against the United States. “On the basis of negotiations that have taken place between the government of Iraq and the U. S. Department of State in the last month, Iraq will increase cooperation with the U. S. government on the vetting of its citizens applying for a visa to travel to the United States,” homeland security officials wrote in a fact sheet given to reporters. The timing of the ban seemed intended to reset the White House political narrative, after a turbulent week that began with Mr. Trump’s   address to Congress. That success was quickly overshadowed by the controversies over Mr. Sessions’s failure to inform the Senate of his contacts with the Russian ambassador and Mr. Trump’s unsupported accusation that President Barack Obama tapped Mr. Trump’s phones during the 2016 campaign. Critics say that Mr. Trump’s vow to impose “extreme vetting” on migrants, especially those fleeing the war in Syria, disregards already stringent screening measures, and the fact that none of the recent terrorist attacks or mass shootings on American soil were perpetrated by people from the nations listed in the ban. Last week, The Associated Press reported that it had obtained a draft homeland security assessment concluding that citizenship was an “unlikely indicator” of a threat. Homeland security officials, speaking to reporters by telephone on Monday, pushed back against that news report, arguing that it was culled from public sources and excluded classified information that paints a more dangerous picture. An official speaking on the call said the Justice Department had identified 300 “refugees” who were being investigated for their links to Islamist terrorist groups or for holding   State positions. Some of those people already have permanent resident status, the official said. But homeland security and Justice Department officials declined to provide further details, and would not say how many of the 300 people being investigated came from the countries covered by the revised travel ban.",0
6999,"Raising 5 Sons Alone, 3 With Autism, Takes a Toll on a Mother’s Body - The New York Times",John Otis,"Though Melissa Ferrer moved into her new home in July, she has refused to paint her sons’ bedroom walls blue. She does not dare get too comfortable, a symptom of her years of homelessness. Ms. Ferrer, 33, is a single mother of five sons. All of them have spent portions of their childhoods in New York City’s shelter system. What made the experience even worse, Ms. Ferrer said, was that her three youngest children  —   Aiden Soto, 3 Angel Soto, 7 and Justin Ferrer, 8  —   are autistic. They also have   disorder and anxiety disorders. “It’s not a good life,” she said. “It’s hard and it’s stressful and it hurts. Not only for me to live that life but to see the children living that life and to know you’re not stable. ” Last year, she made a successful bid for affordable housing in the Bronx. But in her haste to move, she signed the rental agreement without proper due diligence. The apartment flooded every time it rained. Mold grew on the walls. The heat did not work. Insulation was shoddy. Bugs wiggled up through broken floorboards, traumatizing Justin, who has an insect phobia. “I’ve never seen anything like that in my life, and I lived in shelters,” Ms. Ferrer said. “Animals were coming in and my kids, my children, are sleeping, getting bit by ants. ” This summer, with the help of Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times’s Neediest Cases Fund, the family moved into a safer, cleaner home in the Bronx. Drawing from the Neediest funds, Catholic Charities also provided $321 in school clothes for the children. Despite escaping the gloomy shelters and crumbling apartments, a steady beat of chaos remains. On a recent afternoon at the family’s apartment, her sons’ mercurial temperaments were on display. They slammed doors and shouted and wailed in constant fits. Glass trinkets were removed from a coffee table and placed in a less precarious spot. One of her sons repeatedly threw a water bottle around the living room. Another snatched a tablet from his brother as he was watching a video. “God must be giving me the strength, because I don’t know where a woman like me can have so much patience,” Ms. Ferrer said. Her oldest children, Matthew Ferrer, 18, and Javon Murphy, 13, do their part to corral and calm their younger siblings. Ms. Ferrer speaks glowingly about Matthew in particular. He is rarely home, often working a   job to keep the house afloat. Her pride is coupled with guilt. “He’s young, he doesn’t have any children,” she said. “He shouldn’t be having to deal with that. ” Ms. Ferrer is responsible for paying the roughly $1, 000 monthly rent. She receives $1, 486 every month in Social Security disability benefits for her three youngest children, $270 in food stamps and $300 that Matthew pitches in from his job. She does not receive child support from her children’s fathers, and because of her autistic sons’ care requirements, she has not worked in more than eight years, since shortly before Justin was born. “I never thought I’d see myself the way I’m seeing myself, struggling so much,” she said. The family’s tight finances are a steady source of anxiety for Ms. Ferrer, who worries her family may once again be without a home. As long as she has one, she is meticulous about keeping it pristine. She said she simply cannot tolerate dirty things. Each morning, she races to get her four   children ready. They all attend different schools, riding different buses that arrive at different times. She does it all alone. The children’s fathers cannot be relied on, Ms. Ferrer said, and although she has many family members nearby, they do not help. “You would think, having such a big family, that we’d be together but we’re not,” she said. “Everybody’s in their own world. ” Her stress is visible. Large clumps of her hair have fallen out. She has cut her hair short to make it less noticeable. Her knees and legs ache from spending long hours on her feet, and she has begun to have panic attacks. “I might look 33, but I’ll tell you one thing, inside my body, I don’t feel 33,” said Ms. Ferrer. “I feel like I’m 70 years old. ” She dreams of going on vacation, even for a day or two, but she knows it will not be reality. Instead, respite comes in short doses at the end of the day. When her children are in bed, she showers, reflects and thanks God for giving her and her family another day. “I’m so tired,” Ms. Ferrer said. “Then I’ll get up at five in the morning, and do this all over again. ”",0