7994,Jeff Sessions on Immigration Law: ’I’m Going to Follow The Laws Passed By Congress’ - Breitbart,Julia Hahn,"Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions told the Senate Tuesday morning that voters believe immigration policy should prioritize the needs of American workers. [Sessions’ remark came when Democratic Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin claimed Sessions would not support a “humane” rewrite of the nation’s immigration law. “There’s not a spot of evidence in your career to suggest that as Attorney General you would use the authority of that office to resolve the challenges of our broken immigration system in a fair and humane manner,” Durbin said to Sessions. “Tell me I’m wrong. ”  “Well, you are wrong, Senator Durbin,” Sessions replied, adding: I’m going to follow the laws passed by Congress. As a matter of policy, we disagreed on some of those issues. I do believe that if you continually go through a cycle of amnesty that you undermine the respect for the law and encourage more illegal immigration into America. I believe the American people spoke clearly in this election. I believe they agreed with my basic view. Throughout the 2016 election, the American people rejected multiple candidates who ran on a position of immigration amnesty in favor of a now   Donald Trump, whom Sessions endorsed and who was vocal about his desire to enforce U. S. immigration law. In addition, the American people have considered and rejected various amnesty proposals on multiple occasions, including in 2006, 2007, 2010, 2013, and 2014. Ken Palinkas, the former head of the nation’s immigration caseworkers —  Citizenship and Immigration Services —  has warned that the DREAM Act proposals to give amnesty to illegal aliens who allegedly came to the U. S. as minors, a policy which has been championed by Durbin, would expand birthright citizenship to include the   (today it is applied to the U. S.  children of illegal immigrants). Palinkas has explained that DREAMer amnesty “extend[s] birthright citizenship in the future to include the foreign citizens of other countries” and represents a promise of “perpetual amnesty. ” Palinkas has argued that the concept of DREAMers was intended to create a permanent loophole to U. S. borders. In other Western countries all foreign nationals illegally residing in the country are subject to immigration laws. In the United States, however, the   DREAMer population was created in order to effectively carve out a sector of the illegal alien population who are exempt from immigration law. During his Tuesday confirmation hearing, Sessions went on to tell the Committee that the American people are entitled to a lawful system of immigration that advances their best interests. “It’s a good view, a decent view, a solid legal view for the United States of America that we create a lawful system of immigration that allows people to apply to this country, and if they’re get accepted, they get in. If they’re not accepted, they don’t get it. And I believe that’s right, and just, and the American people are right to ask for it. We have not delivered that for them,” Sessions said. Sessions’ declaration is remarkably similar to prior statements made by civil rights champion and   Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, who argued in favor of immigration control and explained that, “credibility in immigration policy can be summed up in one sentence: Those who should get in, get in those who should be kept out, are kept out and those who should not be here will be required to leave. ” Throughout the hearing, Sessions’ emphasized that it is the role of Congress to implement policies supported by the American electorate. “The best thing for us to do,” Sessions said, “[is] let’s fix this system and then we can work together after this lawlessness has been ended and then we can ask the American people and enter into a dialogue about how to compassionately treat people who have been here a long time. ” “I had a responsibility as a member of this body to express my view and vote as I believed was correct on dealing with issues of immigration,” Sessions said. “That’s not the Attorney General’s role. The Attorney General’s role is to enforce the law. ”",0
7995,Newt Gingrich Defends Donald Trump Against 'Sexual Predator' Accusations,nan," 
Donald Trump supporter and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich got into a heated discussion with Kelly File host Megyn Kelly Tuesday while discussing the Republican nominee’s debate performances, poll standing and allegations of sexual indiscretions.
Kelly broached the subject saying, “If Trump is a sexual predator…” at which point Gingrich launched into his defense of Trump.
“He’s not a sexual predator. You can’t say that. You can not defend that statement,” Gingrich retorted.
 
Related Stories Donald Trump’s Star On Hollywood Walk Of Fame Vandalized Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio O’Reilly Grills Washington Post Columnist Who Says He Is Not A ‘Real’ News Person Following the show, Gingrich posted video of the exchange to Twitter.
My exchange with @megynkelly tonight https://t.co/IZVXeiprJN 
— Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) October 26, 2016 

In the exchange which lasted several minutes, Gingrich said, “I am sick and tired of people like you using language that is inflammatory that’s not true!”
 
Kelly reminded the speaker that, while she was not taking a position on the allegations, he did not know whether they were true or not.
According to Gingrich, she took a position when she uttered the words.
Gingrich accused Kelly of being “fascinated with sex” and unconcerned about the issues and public policy.
“Me, really?” Kelly said, before adding, “Well, you know what, Speaker, I’m not fascinated by sex. But I am fascinated by the protection of women and understanding what we’re getting in the Oval Office. And I think the American voters would like to know …”
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Gingrich went on to accuse the media of bias, pointing out the fact that three major networks spent 23 minutes covering the release Trump’s Access Hollywood conversation, while choosing not to cover a speech made by Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in which she expressed her hope for open borders in the United States.
The two also discussed certain polls showing Trump trailing behind Clinton with only two weeks to go until Election Day.
While Kelly asserted that many polls have Clinton ahead in the race, Gingrich reminded her that early voting statistics show Republicans outvoting Democrats in Florida and Pennsylvania.
What do you think?",1
7996,"‘What Is Aleppo?’ Gary Johnson Asks, in an Interview Stumble - The New York Times",Alan Rappeport,"Gary Johnson, the former New Mexico governor and Libertarian Party presidential nominee, revealed a surprising lack of foreign policy knowledge on Thursday that could rock his insurgent candidacy when he could not answer a basic question about the crisis in Aleppo, Syria. “What is Aleppo?” Mr. Johnson said when asked on MSNBC how, as president, he would address the refugee crisis in the   Syrian city. When pressed as to whether he was serious, Mr. Johnson indicated that he really was not aware of the city, which has been widely covered during the years that Syria has been engulfed in civil war. After Mike Barnicle, an MSNBC commentator who is often part of the “Morning Joe” program panel, explained that Aleppo was the center of Syria’s refugee crisis, Mr. Johnson struggled to recover. “O. K. got it,” he said, explaining that he thinks that the United States must partner with Russia to diplomatically improve the situation there. “With regard to Syria, I do think that it’s a mess. ” The stumble could be a serious blow to Mr. Johnson’s campaign, just as he is making a final push to improve his standing in the polls. His support needs to reach 15 percent in a series of major national polls to be included in the presidential debates. Mr. Johnson’s support has been hovering around 10 percent. He and his running mate, former Gov. Bill Weld of Massachusetts, have been aggressively making the case that they represent a viable alternative for voters who are not happy with the major party nominees, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump. Mr. Johnson and Mr. Weld are both former   Republican governors who are socially liberal and fiscally conservative. While Libertarians are very   oriented, they are often criticized for being isolationist and lacking interest in foreign policy. Some leading Republicans who oppose Mr. Trump have said openly that they are giving the Libertarian ticket a serious look. On Wednesday night, Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee, publicly called for Mr. Johnson and Mr. Weld to be included in the presidential debates. The stumble could derail such hopes and it was widely mocked on social media. On Twitter the question “What is Aleppo?” was trending, with many critics arguing that Mr. Johnson had disqualified himself from the presidency. Some even attributed the flub to Mr. Johnson’s acknowledged use of marijuana. He is a proponent of legalizing the drug and he was previously the chief executive of a business that marketed and sold recreational marijuana products. Even Hillary Clinton, Mr. Johnson’s Democratic opponent, had a laugh at his expense on Thursday. Asked about the Libertarian candidate’s lack of knowledge about Aleppo during a news conference, she joked, “You can look on the map and find Aleppo. ” Thursday was not the first time that Mr. Johnson has faced such a situation. After speaking at a Politico convention in June, he was being directed to a room that was named after Harriet Tubman, the former slave and abolitionist. According to a report in The New Yorker, Mr. Johnson asked, “Who’s Harriet Tubman?” Mr. Johnson expressed disappointment about the Aleppo lapse in a brief   interview that was broadcast on MSNBC and canceled some of his other scheduled interviews that had been planned for later in the day. “I’m incredibly frustrated with myself,” Mr. Johnson said. “I have to get smarter and that’s just part of the process. ” He also released a statement, explaining that he is “human” and that as president he would surround himself with experts and receive daily security briefings to fill any gaps in his knowledge. As for the impact the matter would have on his presidential prospects, Mr. Johnson said that would be up to the voters to decide. In a separate interview on ABC’s “The View” program, Mr. Johnson said that he was just trying to be as forthright about the situation as possible and made no excuses. “For those who believe this is a disqualifier, so be it,” he said.",0
7997,We told you so! The Zika virus is harmless,nan,"In March we wrote: Reading About Zika May Hurt Your Brain . We listed 35 sensational ""news"" headlines about potential catastrophes related to a Zika epidemic. The common factor of those panic creating media wave - all those headlines included the miraculous little word may . The pieces were pure speculations with some quoting this or that ""expert"" who was hunting for research funds or lobbying for some pharmaceutical or pesticide conglomerate. In June we added: Zika Virus Does Not Cause Birth Defects - Fighting It Probably Does . New serious research found what some people in Brazil had suspected from the very start of the small and strictly locally limited jump in microencephaly cases in Brazil: [D]octors in the Zika affected areas in Brazil pointed out that the real cause of somewhat increased microcephaly in the region was probably the insecticide pyriproxyfen, used to kill mosquito larvae in drinking water: The Brazilian doctors noted that the areas of northeast Brazil that had witnessed the greatest number of microcephaly cases match with areas where pyriproxyfen is added to drinking water in an effort to combat Zika-carrying mosquitoes . Pyriproxyfen is reported to cause malformations in mosquito larvae, and has been added to drinking water in the region for the past 18 months. Pyriproxyfen is produced by a Sumitomo Chemical - an important Japanese poison giant. It was therefore unsurprising that the New York Times and others called the Brazilian doctors' report a ""conspiracy theory"" and trotted out some ""experts"" to debunk it. ... But [s]cientist at the New England Complex Systems Institute also researched the pyriproxyfen thesis. They found : Pyriproxifen is an analog of juvenile hormone, which corresponds in mammals to regulatory molecules including retinoic acid, a vitamin A metabolite, with which it has cross-reactivity and whose application during development causes microcephaly . ... [T]ests of pyriproxyfen by the manufacturer, Sumitomo, widely quoted as giving no evidence for developmental toxicity, actually found some evidence for such an effect , including low brain mass and arhinencephaly—incomplete formation of the anterior cerebral hemispheres—in rat pups. Finally, the pyriproxyfen use in Brazil is unprecedented—it has never before been applied to a water supply on such a scale. ... Given this combination of information we strongly recommend that the use of pyriproxyfen in Brazil be suspended pending further investigation. Today the Washington Post finally admits that the Zika virus does not cause birth defects: [T]o the great bewilderment of scientists, the epidemic has not produced the wave of fetal deformities so widely feared when the images of misshapen infants first emerged from Brazil. Instead, Zika has left a puzzling and distinctly uneven pattern of damage across the Americas. According to the latest U.N. figures, of the 2,175 babies born in the past year with undersize heads or other congenital neurological damage linked to Zika, more than 75 percent have been clustered in a single region: northeastern Brazil. The wide areas where the flue virus occurred outside of the small area in Brazil saw no increase in birth defect numbers. The number of (naturally occurring) microcephality cases stayed constant despite a very large increase in (harmless) Zika virus infections. The numbers in Brazil also turned out to be partially inflated because of a lack of standard diagnosis criteria and unreliable statistics. A factor we had pointed to in our very first piece. The WaPo piece today muses about several ""possible"" causes for the local increase in cases in northeastern Brazil that indeed happened. It quotes some of the very ""experts"", like from the pharmaceutical industry influenced CDC, that were wrong on the issue since the very first panic headline. It strenuously avoids to even mention the most likely cause - the excessive local use of an insecticide that is supposed to cause birth defects - in developing mosquitoes. Thus the reporting is still void of journalistic ethics and irresponsible in its conclusions. It did not take much effort to get this right. An hour or two of skimming through publicly available sources of good standing, some basic higher education and sound reasoning was enough. But instead of doing such basic inquiries ""journalists"" and media ""served"" panic and speculations by biased ""experts"". Keep this story in mind for the next sensationalist onslaught of panic headline. There surely will be some ""interests"" behind those; just don't expect unbiased facts and basic logic reasoning. Comment: And Zika -- like Ebola, SARS, bird flu, West Nile, etc. -- will fall down the memory hole...until the next scare comes along.",1
7998,Lawyer ’Robin Hood of Refugees’ Sentenced to 15 Months in Prison for Asylum Scam - Breitbart,Katherine Rodriguez,"A federal judge sentenced an Illinois immigration lawyer who cheated the immigration system to make sure his clients were granted asylum in the U. S. to 15 months in prison Wednesday. [Prosecutors say Robert Dekelaita, who called himself “Robin Hood” for refugees, would forge the names of his clients seeking asylum on application papers and fabricate their life stories with horrific anecdotes of kidnappings, bombings, and religious persecution that were all false, drawing inspiration from news stories he collected, CBS Chicago reported.  U. S. District Judge Matthew Kennelly sentenced Dekelaita to 15 months in prison for conspiracy to commit asylum fraud a year after Dekelaita was convicted, noting that even if he broke the law with noble intentions, he would “have to be willing to pay the price for it. ” Kennelly encouraged Dekelaita, 54, of Glenview, to file a motion to remain free while he appeals his conviction. Dekelaita is an Assyrian Christian who immigrated to the United States from Iraq at    as his family fled persecution from the Baath regime, according to his lawyers. His lawyers argued during the trial that illegal immigrants fearing deportation lied to the U. S. government to help them build its case against Dekelaita. Federal prosecutors also say Dekelaita sent his clients a letter after his conviction saying that he “cheated no one and have not told anyone to lie. I have protected my clients as any good attorney should. ” His former clients now face deportation because of the fraud or their lives were ruined because they were forced to live out the lies he created for them, prosecutors say. Dekelaita chose not to make a statement in court and showed no reaction to the verdict during the two hour hearing, the Chicago Tribune reported. Prosecutors also charged two translators who worked for Dekelaita, Adam Benjamin and Yousif Yousif, for intentionally mistranslating answers given by clients and adding testimony they had not given to make sure they were granted asylum. Benjamin, 63, pleaded guilty in July 2015 to one count of fraud and was sentenced to six months in prison for his role in the conspiracy. Prosecutors agreed to defer Yousif’s prosecution so long as he stayed out of trouble, court records show.",0
7999,Supreme Court Justice Removes Brazil’s Senate Leader Amid Graft Case - The New York Times,Simon Romero,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   A justice on Brazil’s Supreme Court on Monday night removed the powerful head of the Senate from his post, as tensions have escalated between Congress and the judiciary over efforts by legislators to curb the power of prosecutors and judges overseeing corruption investigations. The justice, Marco Aurélio Mello, based his ruling on the fact that the Senate leader, Renan Calheiros, is going to stand trial in a graft case in which a lobbyist paid for the child support of a daughter Mr. Calheiros, 61, fathered in an extramarital affair. Mr. Mello’s ruling reflects how Brazil’s political tumult is intensifying once again, in a year in which President Dilma Rousseff was ousted and an orchestrator of her impeachment, Eduardo Cunha, the former speaker of the lower house, is now in jail on graft charges. The move by Mr. Mello also comes amid a tense standoff between Congress and the judiciary. Last week, the lower house held a marathon session in which its members gutted a   anticorruption bill. The legislation, which would erode the authority of prosecutors and judges guiding graft inquiries, then moved to the Senate, where Mr. Calheiros unsuccessfully tried to hold a vote on it. Thousands of Brazilians took to the streets on Sunday to protest the moves in Congress, venting their wrath especially against Mr. Calheiros. Even as he faces a loss of authority, Mr. Calheiros, from Alagoas State in Brazil’s northeast, is expected to keep his seat in the Senate. For many of the protesters on the streets of Brazilian cities, Mr. Calheiros came to symbolize impunity in the nation’s political system, resurrecting his career despite facing an array of scandals. (In 2007, he was forced to resign as head of the Senate over the same child support case.) It was not immediately clear if the Supreme Court would need to ratify or reject Mr. Mello’s ruling with a full vote of its members. The request for Mr. Calheiros’s ouster came from Sustainability Network, a political party in the opposition. Mr. Calheiros may be able to appeal the decision. “I applaud this ruling,” said Randolfe Rodrigues, a senator from Sustainability Network, which largely blends centrist and leftist ideas. He said that the decision built on previous votes by justices aiming at preventing politicians on trial in corruption cases from remaining in the presidential line of succession. Jorge Viana, a senator from Ms. Rousseff’s leftist Workers’ Party, is expected to ascend to the post as head of the Senate. Mr. Calheiros is a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, the same   centrist grouping led by President Michel Temer. Senators from the Workers’ Party said on Monday night that they would seek to delay voting in the Senate on a bill that would place a cap on federal spending, a cornerstone of Mr. Temer’s proposed austerity measures. The Senate already approved the bill in a first round of voting in November, with a second and final round scheduled for  . With some in Congress now also calling for Mr. Temer’s impeachment after a scandal involving his support for an ally in a property deal, Brazil’s political establishment is facing the prospect of renewed instability. But at least for now, few observers see Mr. Temer at imminent risk of falling, given his coalition’s control of Congress.",0