8996,Как «троцкисты» осаждали российское посольство «во имя Алеппо» | Новое восточное обозрение,nan,"Регион: Европа Как отмечает в своей статье американский политический активист Калеб Маупин, едва ли кого-то из числа людей осведомленных о положении дел в международной политике не удивило бы сообщение о том, что «троцкисты» осадили здание российского посольства в Лондоне из-за событий в Сирии. Мало того, что правительство Башара Асада всегда имело четкий социальный уклон, так и Россия, которая оказалась одним из немногих государств, которое не захотело стоять в стороне и смотреть на сирийскую резню, во всех стадиях своего развития имела социальный уклон. Так с чего бы вдруг британским социалистам приковывать себя к ограде российской дипмиссии, да еще и с молчаливого попустительства британской полиции, которая не привыкла «церемониться» с демонстрантами любого толка? Автор отмечает, что в процессе попытки подорвать устои Советского Союза, ЦРУ начало активно финансировать левых маргиналов различного толка, которые в свое время приветствовали жестокие расправы талибов над советскими солдатами. Сегодня их «духовные наследники» приветствуют Свободную сирийскую армию, которая, по сути, является лишь прикрытием для радикальных уголовников всех цветов и мастей. Автор отмечает, что с помощью таких малочисленных акций, которые, тем не менее, активно освещаются в западных СМИ, Вашингтон пытается показать, что «различные слои» западного общества противостоят «сирийскому режиму». Однако на деле эти «различные слои» представлены небольшой группой власть имущих, преследующих свой корыстный интерес, и ворохом иждивенцев-маргиналов, которые готовы превозносить даже самых отъявленных преступников, если они это делают за «умеренную плату». С полной версией статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",1
8997,Nicola Sturgeon refuses to accept result of England vs Scotland match,nan,"Saturday 12 November 2016 by Davywavy Nicola Sturgeon refuses to accept result of England vs Scotland match 
Nicola Sturgeon believes the result of the England vs Scotland game yesterday was ‘wrong’ and will fight for it to be overturned. 
The 3-0 defeat was the wrong result for Scotland, she said, and pledged to do everything in her power to reverse the scoreline no matter how long it takes. 
Reports indicate she has already made a succession of calls to Senior UEFA and FIFA officials to seek their support in changing the outcome. 
If she cannot get the result changed by conventional methods, Sturgeon confirmed she has not taken demanding a replay off the table. 
“I don’t believe this result is in the best interest of Scotland, or of football, and it is clear that changing it would be entirely fair,” she told reporters at Holyrood. 
“UEFA’s position that the result is binding just because we lost is short-termist and doesn’t serve the Scottish people in the way they deserve.” 
Sturgeon went on to say she believed England had stolen literally dozens of goals that were rightfully Scottish, and she would organise a wide-ranging consultation and enquiry to examine all aspects of the result and report on how it can best be changed in Scotland’s favour. 
Meanwhile, today’s copy of The National newspaper is reporting that Scotland won 18-0 before burning Wembley to the ground. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",1
8998,"1-hour video: Bush-Clinton and .01% ‘Deep State’ criminals assassinated JFK, MLK, RFK, are still in power, rig elections, and run criminal looting empire until we demand .01% arrests. 2016 ‘election’ changes NOTHING without full ‘Deep State’ Truth",Carl Herman,"SGT Report interviews Ole Dammegard over 62 minutes : 
Interview highlights, documentation, context: When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. President Kennedy , Martin King , Robert Kennedy (and here ), and dozens of others were assassinated by the .01% “Deep State.” The evidence is overwhelming in each case. The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. Perhaps we’re approaching an endgame of the light exposing the .01% criminals. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself .
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth’s inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen’s lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you’d like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I’ll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",1
8999,Blue State Blues: The Mainstream Media Are Orwell’s Big Brother,Joel B. Pollak,"The media, and the left in general, are taking pride in sales of Orwell’s Nineteen   as if these confirm their fantasies about Donald Trump as a totalitarian leader. One wonders if they have read the book. [The regime in George Orwell’s “1984” declared “War is Peace  —   Freedom is Slavery  —   Ignorance is Strength. ” The dystopian fiction drew flocks of book buyers after Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway’s comment about “alternative facts. ”  —   Los Angeles Times, Jan. 25, 2017, Orwell’s novel is an attack on socialism, and particularly on the media’s role in an imagined socialist state.  The lead character, Winston Smith, is a bureaucrat in the Ministry of Truth whose role it is to rewrite history to suit the political preferences of the Party, and to destroy historical evidence that contradicts the official narrative. (It is a state, interestingly, that suppresses gender roles to control sex. Only in a forbidden, and subversively traditional, sexual liaison does Smith briefly find refuge.) One hopes, therefore, that the people rushing to buy Nineteen   because they see it as some kind of talking point against the Trump administration will actually read the novel. Perhaps they will be shocked by the parallels between the Two Minutes Hate  —   an organized demonstration of outrage against a largely imagined adversary  —   and the unhinged   protests last weekend. Perhaps they will be alarmed at the degree to which our media also serve a “Party”  —   voluntarily. More likely, however, their new copies of Nineteen   will sit on their relatively empty bookshelves, right next to the U. S. Constitutions they bought after Khizr Khan waved his copy from the podium at the Democratic National Convention. Nothing in the Constitution prevents the U. S. from excluding aliens on the basis of objectionable religious or political beliefs  —   indeed, we do it already and have done it for decades  —   but you have to read the thing to know that, and few apparently did. The “hook” on which the supposed Orwellian analogy hangs is “Kellyanne Conway’s comment [to NBC’s Chuck Todd] about ‘alternative facts. ’” The phrase has been distorted to mean the opposite of what Conway intended. In any legal dispute, opposing sides will present the court with alternative versions of the facts in the case. That is clearly what Conway meant. But the media, and the left, spun “alternative facts” as if she meant “alternatives to fact,” i. e. deliberate lies, reckless disregard of the truth. Recall that NBC  —   the network on which Conway appeared  —   was the network that selectively edited the audio of the 911 call by George Zimmerman to police in February 2012 to make it appear that Zimmerman had targeted Trayvon Martin because of his race. That deliberate lie put Zimmerman’s liberty at risk and inflamed race relations nationwide. More recently, it was Todd himself who declared in October  —   citing Republicans, but clearly in agreement  —   that the presidential race was “over. ” It is true that Trump is prone to exaggeration. It is also true that there is usually some basis for his claims. Recall the furore over his claim that “thousands” of Muslims in New Jersey celebrated the   terror attacks. The media treated the claim as if Trump had simply made it up. But it turned out to be based on a kernel of truth: there had, in fact, been some limited   celebrations. And Trump correctly recalled that there had been a local news report that had shaped his impression of events. Likewise with the crowd size at the inauguration. From the steps of the Capitol, and even near the front of the ceremony, it would have been nearly impossible to see any gaps in the crowd. A   photograph by CNN confirms that fact. And yet the gaps did exist: Trump’s crowd on the Mall was almost certainly not as large as Obama’s in 2009. But that cannot, and does not, negate the administration’s claim that more people watched overall, through electronic media. Both can be true. Sometimes you need the “alternative facts”  —   what journalists used to call “both sides of the story”  —   to paint the full picture. But the mainstream media presume that the Trump administration doesn’t have a side  —   nor do Trump’s voters and supporters. Instead, the mainstream media have taken the other side. They dress it up in platitudes about holding the new administration accountable  —   as if, just like Nineteen   the past eight years of servility can be shoved down the “Memory Hole. ” While the mainstream media were nitpicking over crowd size, and fabricating stories like the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. bust, Breitbart News  —   falsely impugned as Trump’s “Pravda”  —   was taking the administration to task over its failure to address the immigration issue on day one. Earlier, Breitbart reported Trump’s broken promise to pursue Hillary Clinton’s email scandal. The truth is that the mainstream media, collectively, are Big Brother. Unlike Winston Smith, we have finally been liberated. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0