9946,Re: America Has Become A Lawless Nation – Hillary Clinton Magically Cleared By The FBI,Douglass Ridenhouse,"America Has Become A Lawless Nation – Hillary Clinton Magically Cleared By The FBI By Michael Snyder, on July 5th, 2016 
It is hard to be proud to be an American today after watching FBI director James Comey magically clear Hillary Clinton of all wrongdoing. Sadly, Comey is likely to go down in history as the man that struck the final death blow to the rule of law in America. During his address to the media, Comey admitted that Clinton sent or received 110 emails in 52 email chains that contained classified material at the time they were sent. But of course there were probably many more. Comey told the press that it was “ likely that there are other work-related emails that they did not produce … that are now gone because they deleted all emails they did not return to State, and the lawyers cleaned their devices .” So basically Clinton turned over to the FBI whatever she felt like turning over, and then she destroyed the rest of the evidence. As a former lawyer, this infuriates me, but it doesn’t surprise me. 
In fact, it doesn’t surprise me at all that Hillary Clinton was allowed to skate. I expected this all along. If you search the thousands of articles that I have posted on The Economic Collapse Blog and End Of The American Dream , you will find many articles where I say that Hillary Clinton should be in prison, but not a single one where I ever said that I thought she would be going to prison. 
This is how politics in America works today. People like Bill and Hillary Clinton could openly sacrifice children to Satan on the White House lawn and still probably not get into trouble. Despite scandal after scandal going all the way back to Arkansas in the 1980s, nothing ever sticks to them, and nothing probably ever will. 
In this case, FBI director James Comey essentially had to rewrite federal law in order to clear Clinton. This is something that Andrew McCarthy explained very well in his article entitled “FBI Rewrites Federal Law to Let Hillary Off the Hook” … 
There is no way of getting around this: According to Director James Comey (disclosure: a former colleague and longtime friend of mine), Hillary Clinton checked every box required for a felony violation of Section 793(f) of the federal penal code (Title 18): With lawful access to highly classified information she acted with gross negligence in removing and causing it to be removed it from its proper place of custody, and she transmitted it and caused it to be transmitted to others not authorized to have it, in patent violation of her trust. Director Comey even conceded that former Secretary Clinton was “extremely careless” and strongly suggested that her recklessness very likely led to communications (her own and those she corresponded with) being intercepted by foreign intelligence services. —– 
In essence, in order to give Mrs. Clinton a pass, the FBI rewrote the statute, inserting an intent element that Congress did not require. The added intent element, moreover, makes no sense: The point of having a statute that criminalizes gross negligence is to underscore that government officials have a special obligation to safeguard national defense secrets; when they fail to carry out that obligation due to gross negligence, they are guilty of serious wrongdoing. The lack of intent to harm our country is irrelevant. People never intend the bad things that happen due to gross negligence. 
The amazing thing is that the FBI handled a highly similar case very, very differently less than a year ago. Just check out what happened to Naval reservist Bryan Nishimura … 
U.S. Magistrate Judge Kendall J. Newman immediately sentenced Nishimura to two years of probation, a $7,500 fine, and forfeiture of personal media containing classified materials. Nishimura was further ordered to surrender any currently held security clearance and to never again seek such a clearance. 
According to court documents, Nishimura was a Naval reservist deployed in Afghanistan in 2007 and 2008. In his role as a Regional Engineer for the U.S. military in Afghanistan, Nishimura had access to classified briefings and digital records that could only be retained and viewed on authorized government computers. Nishimura, however, caused the materials to be downloaded and stored on his personal, unclassified electronic devices and storage media. He carried such classified materials on his unauthorized media when he traveled off-base in Afghanistan and, ultimately, carried those materials back to the United States at the end of his deployment. In the United States, Nishimura continued to maintain the information on unclassified systems in unauthorized locations, and copied the materials onto at least one additional unauthorized and unclassified system . 
Nishimura’s actions came to light in early 2012, when he admitted to Naval personnel that he had handled classified materials inappropriately . Nishimura later admitted that, following his statement to Naval personnel, he destroyed a large quantity of classified materials he had maintained in his home . Despite that, when the Federal Bureau of Investigation searched Nishimura’s home in May 2012, agents recovered numerous classified materials in digital and hard copy forms. The investigation did not reveal evidence that Nishimura intended to distribute classified information to unauthorized personnel. 
So what is the difference between Nishimura and Clinton? 
Neither of them ever intended to do anything wrong. 
So why were they treated so differently? 
Needless to say, social media is exploding with outrage over this decision to let Clinton go free. Many Americans are openly asking why they should continue to play by the rules if politicians like Hillary Clinton are not required to do so. 
Unfortunately, this is what America has become. Our politicians are a reflection of who we are as a society, and as I have stated before Hillary Clinton is going to be the overwhelming favorite if there is an election in November. At this moment, she has solid leads in all of the “swing states”, and she only really needs to win one of them … 
Perhaps you enjoy talk of battleground states. Well, there’s a scenario for you, too. First, pick the six “closest” swing states (VA, NH, IA, OH, FL, NC). Got it? Now understand that New Hampshire excepted, Clinton only has to win one of them in order to reach the requisite 270 electoral votes to win . (Optional third step for Republicans only: start shotgunning Pabst Blue Ribbon and don’t stop until November.) 
Lest any Trump supporters seek solace in poll numbers, recent polls have Trump sliding further behind in all the relevant swing states. According to a Ballotpedia battleground poll released last week, Trump trails by 14% in Florida, 4% in Iowa, 10% in North Carolina, 9% in Ohio, and 7% in Virginia. 
Hillary Clinton is a horrible, evil, miserable human being , and right now she is the odds-on favorite to become the next president of the United States. 
But ultimately it is the American people that are to blame for blindly supporting corrupt politicians such as Clinton, and if they willingly pick her to be our next president then we will certainly deserve whatever consequences follow. The Price Of Silver Explodes Past 20 Dollars An Ounce As The European Banking Crisis Deepens » Daddyotis 
I struggle trying to get my head around this. It goes against all reasonable consideration of law and civilized society. What refocuses and grounds me is when I consider that this is another puzzle piece of end time prophecy being put into place. This brings me closer to an understanding of Gods will for me and my place in it all. The best part is that I am already saved and cleared for the afterlife. 
God Bless all 
DO Michael Dubin 
Presidents Clinton, Bush II, and Obama have gotten away with murder, so why would anyone think that Hillary would be charged over some illegal server? K 
Well the final proof. We have the best Government and law enforcement money can buy. Amf boy have they been bought. A Republic requires an informed electorate.to survive. And we sure do not have that. So welcome to the new America, all the justice you can afford/ Steeve Girard 
dude… accidental web address electorate (dot) to Michèle 
We turned on the TV just to watch the announcement that Comey had to make about Clinton. Just as he made the announcement that indicated that their recommendations to the DOJ would be to not press charges, that very second a loud boom went off in my house sounding exactly like a cannon and my husband and both sons saw a purple bolt of lightning outside and a ball of fire and then my TV froze with the words coming out Aof Comey’s mouth. I’ve never experienced anything like that in my life. We all felt that it had spiritual implications in regards to the announcement made. aldownunder 
What did you do then? Pack another cone Jerry C 
Lightning is called the Finger of God. Believers are getting signs all over the place. Shalom. R.bitting 
She said she was sorry, geesh man, don’t overreact. Its not like our nation’s survival is on the line. In all seriousness though, If folks can’t see the writing on the wall here ( and you know they won’t ), theres no hope left. TheCogitator 
American has not become a lawless nation, it has been a lawless nation for quite sometime. Now they don’t even try to cover it up.“All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.” Hillary is an example of a “more equal” one — way more equal. SnohtBlossom 
Liberals are the SCUM of the earth!!! rushmore 
amen to that Gogen!!, gogenhouser 
the liberal mind is a demonic mind, heathen reprobate bloodsuckers and that goes double for the demoncrat voter!!! joe 
you are apiece of sh-t SnohtBlossom 
you are a piece of crahp Guest 
I was thinking te same thing. The elites don’t bother covering up their deeds or their intentions anymore. That in itself says a lot…. Steeve Girard 
After I learned this BS here’s the . All the lies can you say, to the dumb public minds… What so proud as we’re hailed, as the twilight last gleaming… Who broad stripes and bright stars, lost in meaningless fights… O’er the ramparts torn down, by some “gallantly” Streaming… (tv) And the debt red glare, and the money made of air… Gave proof to the night that the flag is now gone… Where does that star spangled banner yet wave…. O’er the land of the owned, and the home of the slaves…. Creepy Pedro 
O’er the land of the Freeloaders, and the Home of the Debt Slaves Steeve Girard 
Amen. This is an insanity world nation in which we are living. Bill 
You are so right Michael, tonight it is very hard to be a proud American. guest 
Edward Snowden, as an American citizen I ,on behalf of all Americans apologize for this governments incredible hypocrisy . Redlucy 
I am sick to my stomach about this. Even though I fully expected this decision, I had some tiny hope in my heart and soul that justice might be served. I am terrified of a US run by her….I can’t even say her name. She is a lying, scheming, demonic woman who needs all the prayers she can get, It is hard to fathom the implications that her communist agenda will bring about, We are in for some very great suffering, 
Its just getting started my friend. She is the next president of America. Steeve Girard 
Not if you guys can vote for a “third party” candidate. Joe Trevors 
Every vote for a 3rd party candidate is a vote for Hillary. Jerry C 
There is no “third party”; maybe a “two party” outside the Democrat/Republican sham coin. Joe Trevors 
Yes, Jerry, that is true. That is what God has revealed through Donald Trump. It is clear to all of us how much hatred, contempt, almost demonic anger is expressed against Trump by both parties. They speak with one voice their true nature, don’t they? SnohtBlossom 
I’ve said that Hillary would be cleared of this many times on this board. Hillary 2016! 😀 Suck it Lucy.. Rhino Horns 
You should be ashamed of yourself. Unless you repent of your carnality and sins in this life, Judgment Day is going to be very difficult, and necessary, for you. JC Teecher 
SB, you are hardcore. Sadly, you got a million more partners in crime, as liberal, atheistic, billery supporters. I would not want to be in any of your shoes when the 2nd advent is happening. 
But, until then, go in Peace. none 
Ex_Russian special forces do her “dirty ” ? Work? I think back to the days of breaking bad, the T.V. show. Mike, the “fixer” along with the rest of them, where to loyal to this country to ever do the kinds of things Hillary has been accused of doing. Even the U.S. Mafia. They helped out in the second world War. Mondobeyondo 
Not if Bernie Sanders has anything to say about it. Which he doesn’t. bc 
I look forward to HIllary being President 😀 I’ve told the board numerous times she would be cleared. Infidel51 
Ya you’re the only one who saw that one coming dude. You’re a straight up genius. Bob332 
AND very, very soon; satan has ruled the pass 7.5 yrs. The country cannot survive another 4. SnohtBlossom 
there is no Satan JB 
That’s exactly what he wants you to believe – that he’s not a threat, he’s not there, etc. Why do you think there are caricatures of him in a cape and horns, mocking the idea of him? You’re playing right into his hands… Steeve Girard 
The is one, it’s between Abraham’s legs. Mike 
I blog, therefore I am. Mike 
You are one of the many proofs that Satan exists. SnohtBlossom 
See? there IS a SnohtBlossom Mike 
My point exactly. mdice11 
You are a fool and hopefully a soon-to-be fatal victim of your own arrogance and filth. VoteTedCruz2016 
Your dissenting opinion hurts my feelings. Please stop. Infidel51 
Stop harshing my safe space bro. Your micro aggressions are not cool. DixieAngel_76 
That’s what he wants people to think. ISA41:10 
The Parasite Class doesn’t care what criminal acts Hillary has done. Neither do the illegals, convicted felons, or the dead………her natural constituency. jaxon64 
Does it seem to anyone else INCREDIBLY CONVENIENT that the shooting ( and soon to come rioting) in Baton Rouge comes at a perfect time to drive the Hillary criminality out of the news? SnohtBlossom 
All you poor boys are going to have to accept that Hillary was legally cleared and that she will be our new Glorious President. bobbi 
After Hillary there will be no more America. VegasBob 
Correction: She will be worse than Hitler, Lenin or Stalin. Richard O. Mann 
Maybe one of her government paid bodyguards will step up and take care of matters, as a patriot. Infidel51 
At least once she is elected we can get this show on the road and stop futzing around on the Internet. Obama was just the set up man, Hilary will blow this f$&@er sky high. DixieAngel_76 
You will not be nearly so glib when you see the wreckage she leaves in her wake. jaxon64 
I think I understand on a much deeper and clearer level now what the Apostle Paul meant when he called the future global leader, “the man of lawlessness.” It is more than just corruption and criminal closed-door activities, it is a complete disregard and “above any law” status. bobbi 
It was not that way 1974 when Nixon was hounded out of office was much less that hillary has done. Infidel51 
So the Tower of Sauron rises. Who is willing to stand against it? Q 
“Lest any Trump supporters seek solace in poll numbers, recent polls have Trump sliding further behind in all the relevant swing states.” 
The lamestream medias are prepparing us for a massive Democrat voter fraud campaign in those states. Bevy 
You are right Redlucy!!! We are going to go thru judgment because of our rampant sin and only a small remnant will survive!!! im4truth4all 
James Comey has joined James Clapper, John Koskinen, John Kerry, etc. I have lived almost 74 years and have never seen as corrupt an administration as this one. My estimate of years left based on my genetic profile is probably 5 to 10 years. I feel sorry for my descendants. I personally feel this country is in the last years of its existence. Kent Harris