10131,Report on the use of chemical weapons by the “moderate terrorists” in Syria | The Vineyard of the Saker,The Saker,"Ahrar Mrimin with Mohammed Mrimin at the head Brigade. The army of mujahids. 
Dozens of civilians were injured as a result of chaotic bombardments from the side of Brigades of Free Syrian Army, which collaborate with Jabhad al Nusra and Ahrar al Sham. According to the last statistics the death toll among civilians as a result of indiscriminate bombardment of suburbs has reached 85 people by 06.04.16. 620 people were wounded, most of them were severely injured . Chemical weapons were used during the bombardment. The odor was smelt and puffs of yellow smoke were seen. 40 000 people live in this region now. 30 000 people more were resettled from other districts of Aleppo. 
The situation is complicated due to acute shortage of medical supplies. People perish because it is impossible to provide them with proper medical assistance. Shamiran Rasho, a representative of «Red Crescent» in the region of Sheikh Maqsood, stated: ” We are unable to save the lives of many people because of the catastrophic lack of medicinal products”. Mrs. Shamiran Rasho pointed out, that the region was still being gunned from the side of terrorist armed gangs. “We appealed to the international community to help people of Syria. But we got neither medical nor humanitarian assistance from the international organizations, which consider themselves the friends of people of Syria”. The region has been in siege since the 22 of September 2015. International community turns a blind eye to a human tragedy in the region of Sheikh Maqsood, which is close to a humanitarian catastrophe. 
This article is based on the facts and reports, given by mass media and organizations, which address the issue of human rights to life. 
21.02.2016. 
Contract fighters of Jabhad al Nusra and Ahrar al Sham bombed out the environs of Sheikh Maqsood in Aleppo. As a result 6 people perished, among them 3 children from one family, 19 people were wounded. 
As a consequence of the bombardment 6 people perished, 4 of them were the members of one family: mother and 3 children. A rocket hit their house. According to the acquired information their names were: Isa Mohammed ( 11 y.o), kadija Mohammed Sultan, Ahmet Mohammad (14 y.o), Nazla Mohammed calif 30 (y. o), the body of the 6 th person was impossible to identify. 
There is a list of 19 wounded people: 
Leman Mohammad, 35 years old – wounded in the belly with a frag. 
Mohammed Ali Mohammad, 8 years old – as a result of explosion got a fragmentation wound of the whole body. 
Majid Ali Mohammad, 5 years old – fragmentation wound 
Mezha Mohammad hlefa, 35 years old – wounded in the belly and back 
Bervan horo, 89 years old – wounded in the hand 
Mohammad Ramadan, 38 years old – wounded in the throat 
Makbula Bozan, 38 years old – wounded in the shoulder 
Amud Jafad, 38 years old – wounded in the head 
Abdalla Mohammad Abdalla, 30 years old – wounded in the head 
Arf Abdo, 54 years old – as a result of explosion got a fragmentation wound of the head and of the whole body. 
Abdalla Amori, 61 years old – wounded in the leg 
Abdahman, 15 years old – wounded in the leg 
Mohammad Piro, 26 years old – wounded in the back 
Hussein Piro, 50 years old –wounded in the backbone. 
25.02.2016. 
2 people perished: Bushla Mustafa, 16 years old, Abdalla Fatn, 43 years old.