18 people perished and 67 were wounded as a result of attack on Sheikh Maqsood on this day. 
Day by day the death toll rises as a result of the attack of coalition forces on civilians. Women, children and a pregnant woman are among the victims. 67 people were critically injured. The names of victims are: Ahmed al Hassan, 12 years old, Sharif Ahmed, 40 years old, Baraa al hadi, 15 years old, Hadi al Haider, 25 years old, Manar Husein, 25 years old, Zakariya, 20 years old, Kadija Shehu, 15 years old. 
The names of the wounded people are: Saria Asu, 48 years old, Nureddin Saado, 15 years old, Azdihar Saado, 7 years old, Menar Saado, 9 years old, Zachariah Galib, 35 years old, Menarmuso Hussein, 25 years old, Vakfe Kabo, 20 years old, Ahmed Abdul Rahman 50 years old, Mohammed Abbas 85 years old, Huda Albiosh 26 years old, Rezgar Nury 6 years old, Ferashin Nury 2 years old, Jumah Zlha Zlha 47 years old, Asna Zlha 17 years old, Ahmed Zlha 45 years old, Isra Zlha 7 years old, Kadija Shehu 10 years old, Ahmed Mohammed 46 years old, Nury al Ibragim 49 years old, Hamza Mohammad 13 years old, Agit Agit 37 years old, Aisha Muhammeda 24 years old, Nauros Sleman 4 years old, Nariman Mahmud 27 years old, eba al Mery 6 years old, Merua Musa 5 years old. 
07.04.2016. 
7 people perished, 20 were wounded as a result of bombardment. 
08.04.2016. 
Within 24 hours the region of Sheikh Maqsood was subjected to the chemical attack 3 times. Terrorist groups carried out an attack on the region using chemical weapon. 6 people with severe poisoning and symptoms of asphyxia were brought to the hospital of «Red Crescent». Aziz Amo Jmo, who got hurt as a result of this attack, said: «I was at home when gas attack began. When I went out, I felt giddiness and queasy. I began to gasp. Eccentric fragrance was smelt in the air. I moistened a kerchief and put it to the nose to breathe». According to the words of the locals, they saw the clouds of yellow smoke. The medical director of the hospital of «Red Crescent» Valat Mahmo told «Havar» agency: «After the complete examination of the injured people we found out that they got severe poisoning». Valat Mahmo addressed all the medical and social communities with an appeal to provide medical and humanitarian assistance to the people, who got hurt as a result of bombardment of the region of Sheikh Maqsood, because they «suffer a shortage of medical preparations to deliver medical care». Besides, Valat Mahmo emphasized that within 24 hours the region of Sheikh Maqsood had been subjected to the chemical attack with toxical gases 3 times. 6 people got hurt as a result of it. In the video message one of the members of terrorist group Jash al Islam told that they had used chemical weapons against the civilians. He added that their aim was to dehouse Sheikh Maqsood. In the main headquarters of terrorist organizations it was confirmed that it had been done without the knowledge of the executive staff and that person would be ensured accountability for it 
09.04.2016. 
A few people more, who got hurt as a result of chemical attack, were hospitalized. All of them had the similar symptoms of dizziness and queasiness. The names of these people are: 1. Mslm Mslm, 55 years old. He felt trouble breathing, when the rocket with poison gas fell near his house. 2. Gulistan Abdo, 4 years old. According to the words of her mother, she felt bad after the rocket with poison gas had fallen near their house. Sometime after that she began to lose hair. 3. Hasan Husein, 40 days old, was hospitalized because of the trouble breathing. 
Since the 16 th of February up to now the military operations have not finished. During this period 85 people died, 620 people were wounded. On the 24 th of March the region of Sheikh Maqsood was subject to chemical attack. On the 7 th – 8 th April the terrorist groups dropped chemical bombs on the region of Sheikh Maqsood.