10227,Comment on Europe’s Forgotten ‘Hitler’ Killed Over 10 Million Africans — But the West Erased it From History by chris VN,chris VN,"Black Emanuelle fixed all that in 1976. Attila 
Speaking of Europeans Colonialism/exploitation and the Ottomans. Your Europe is only Western Europe. Eastern European countries were not colonizers. They never adventured outside of the continent either and never been in the slavery business. They were colonized, brutalized and saved by Asians inducing the Mongol Empire and the Muslim Ottoman Empire. So please refer to Western Europe only when you speak of Europe. Eastern Europeans were often the victims of none-whites and Islamic imperialism. Ever wondered why Hungary is not accepting any Muslim migrants? Attren 
Atilla, will you please be so kind as to reference some quality literature on this subject? I am most interested and want to learn more (eastern european). Thank you, brother. Attila 
Google the Mongol invasion of Hungary and Eastern Europe also the Ottoman period in Eastern Europe. Bob Btme 
I’m familiar with the story of the guy playing the trumpet in Poland who got the arrow in the neck. The history of the ancient cannabis- using Scythian marauders is also interesting, Bob Btme 
thanks Attila for educating us on that, I love history and barely received any during my 17 years spent in the USA public school system Rod 
The reason your not taught accurate history in school is that the book writers are formerly propaganda and car salesmen teachers. All one has to do is research the history of said companies like McGraw Hill and such. Sloane 
Attila is half telling the truth and half over-simplifying/lying Sloane 
Attila is clearly deranged. You shouldn’t believe much of what he writes. Daniel Sandman 
hmm.. wouldn’t the Visigoths count as eastern Europeans? They brought down the west roman empire and colonized it. And what about those Vandals? Attila 
There were many ethnic groups living in the Carpathian base or what is now Eastern Europe before Christian Europe was born. There were the Avars, Cumans, Gepids and many others who were pagans and did not have a state. They came and left. When Hungary and other Eastern European accepted Christianity and formed their own country that’s the time they joined Europe and stayed and had their kingdoms. That’s when countries become accountable. I’m concerned about Christian Europe because that’s what Europe is today. That’s what we protected and sacrificed so much for. Alejandra 
What do you think about your christian europe and the genocide at america? Attila 
You mean Western European colonial powers? As an Eastern European who’s people suffered genocide from Asians ans Muslims and were left alone to defend Europe and betrayed by Western Europe I say some of those countries owe us a apology. France formed the Franco-Ottoman alliance basically legalizing our enslavement by the Muslim Ottomans. They betrayed Christian Europe and us Hungarians and the Serbians, Bulgarians, Romanians and Poles. France and some of the Western European colonial countries were not true Christians. If they were they would not let us to be enslaved by the Islamic Ottoman Empire. Funny how France was the first congratulating Suleiman the Magnificent after he defeated the Hungarians at Mohacs in 1526. Yes slavery was legal in the Ottoman Empire and France had no problem teaming up with our slave master and have our country turn in to a wasteland. Eastern Europeans don’t think highly of Western Europeans. Eastern Europeans whites are proud people. niels groenbaek 
This old Europe was bad. France, Belgium did leave every country/territory in a mess Attila 
Just imagine. Europe was under threat of being conquered by the Ottomans. The sultans openly expressed their desire to conquer Europe and convert i it to Islam. They dreamed of converting the Vatican in to a mosque. Then you have France who formed and alliance with them. They truly betrayed not only the Eastern European countries who came under Islamic terror but Europe and Christianity as well. chris VN 
They’ve stopped dreaming about it and have been doing it by stealth for the last 50 or so years. John L. Wildman 
You need to shut the fuck up till you know what you’re talking about. Simona Mamo 
The Raiders of the Ottoman empire also regularly raided Malta. We are a small island in the middle of the Mediterranean sea and stole the locals for slaves. Besides butchering and pillaging. Rod 
Much like columbus did to us native american “indians” I suppose. Simona Mamo 
Lol. Well previous to the Spanish invasion for lack of a better word, they themselves had just liberated the Iberian peninsula(Spain) from the Moorish empire. Sad how people who have themselves had to fight for so long to free themselves from a conqurer yoke so easily become conquers themselves. In fact I believe I read somewhere that Isabella sent Colombus off in the hope of new trade routes to India as she needed money for her continuing war against the Ottoman empire.Trouble in one region always seems to spread. Diesel67 
War against the Ottoman Empire took a back seat to getting rid of Jews. Much of the Spanish Jews expelled in 1492 migrated to the Ottoman lands, so much so that the Ottoman sultan said in substance: Ferdinand calls himself a clever king but he enriches my kingdom even as he impoverishes his own. Of course all that changed when the Spanish conquered most of the Americas, plundered its resources and enslaved or killed the indigenous population (no worse than any other conquering empire throughout history). Simona Mamo 
Lol. Colombus actually took a Jew with him on his voyage of exploration. Sloane 
Well wouldn’t geography play a big part in colonization? From what port could Hungary go and control a colony in Africa? Do you count Russians as Eastern Europeans? If so, then you can’t say Eastern European countries were not colonizers. Attila 
Most of Russia is in Asia just like Turkey. Russia didn’t slave or colonized African countries and was not in the slave trade at all. They didn’t commit genocide against non Russians either as a colonizer. They didn’t go further then some of their neighboring countries. The Soviet Union was bad but a different animal all together. Russia is not on the radar of progressive liberals and black activist who are the most vocal about the crimes of Colonialism. If you insist maybe I could say countries that are in Eastern Europe only or entirely Eastern European or central-East European countries. Sloane 
Russia didn’t slave or colonize African countries but part of that is that they couldn’t because of the Western Europeans already there (Russians DID attempt to try to expand into/colonize parts of Africa – https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1rpfwp/russian_colonialism_in_africa/ ). My point is that you’re oversimplifying history and victimizing Eastern Europeans in a thread about the Congo? Why? Have some respect and take your tirade elsewhere. Your post started with “Speaking of Europeans Colonialism/exploitation and the Ottomans.” This article wasn’t speaking about colonialism or the ottomans in general. You brought it in. “Hungary had ports on the Adriatic see for hundreds of years.” And you just proved how expansionist the Hungarians were! And people are supposed to have sympathy for poor E. Europeans because they didn’t get the chance to commit atrocities like their Western European counterparts? Give me a break! Attila 
You are one of those “useful idiots” aren’t you? Here is my solution for the idiots that includes many of the commentators also: Two words should not be used and those are WHITES and EUROPEANS. Instead use words like Western Europeans, Western European Colonial powers, Colonial Americans, Colonial Spain, England or what ever countries were the culprits. In the USA they should use words like European Americans, Western European Immigrants or Colonial Americans. Understand that your history is not our history and your crimes are not our crimes. Generalizing white Caucasians puts Eastern Europeans into the same category as a white slave keeper in colonial America hundreds of years ago or a Belgian murderer in Africa. It seems you have a sick need to drag down all white people and equal them to those who violated non-Whites. We are from the other half of Europe, from other countries with a totally different historical background and we have absolutely nothing to do with colonization and slavery. Do you understand the difference between Eastern Europe and Western Europe? To put it simple: West was the colonizer vs. East which was colonized. I’m asking you to be considerate of us and stop the anti-white bigotry.﻿ If progressives keep using terms such as legacy of European exploitation, white racism and many other insults I encourage that you talk to Eastern Europeans such as Poles, Czechs, Croats, Slovaks and Hungarians and ask them what they think about the practice of generalizing whites and Europeans. They will tell you that you are embarrassing and you don’t talk on their behalf. Don’t be surprised if they express their disgust if you try to patronize them like you are trying me. Believe me the the West have no idea just how low opinion Eastern Europeans have for the West because the anti-white narrative and views the West holds. The more Eastern European EU countries become mainstream the more we are going to oppose you and will not going to put up with racism that we don’t deserve. You can bet on it.﻿ You attempt to get sympathy for the victims of Congo while you trash Europe will not get any respect from us. As per your comment about having a port on the Adriatic sea at the expense of other nations just shows how little you know. Hungarians never treated Croatia as colony and certainly didn’t oppress or violated Croatians. It was a union that benefited both countries especially protecting the borders against the Islamic Imperialist. Why don’t you ask Croatians about what they think about it, you useful idiot. Sloane 
Uhh I am half-Croatian,half-Bosnian, born in Dubrovnik, you fascist waste of air. I never generalized white Caucasians or “trshed” Eastern Europeans. Look at my comments again and you’ll see who was the idiot. I’ll save you the trouble – it’s you 🙂 I entered into a conversation with you to see just how bad your historical knowledge is – and that is VERY bad. Your original comments hinted at your xenophobia and racism and your further comments proved it. I wish you the best, I wish you would read decent history books from ALL OVER eastern Europe, not just Hungary. You may learn something, you may learn to be less fearful of change. Fear is the worst thing and your comments are brimming with fear – fear of migrants, muslims, etc. Bye Attila 
Bosnian? That explains it: you are a Muslim or a Muslim sympathizer. That explains why are in denial and trying to push your agenda. You are just another progressive liberal who protects islamo fascist agenda because that’s your heritage. Islam is the ideology of our former slave master and pure evil ideology. You know we were called infidel dogs by your kind for 150 years. Even now all you can do is just freak out and bark like we were still dogs. Why not put yourself together and give an honest argument and a fact based debate. But I don’t think you can. Sloane 
You lack basic reading comprehension. I am half Croatian, half-Bosnian. I am Catholic, not Muslim LOL. You have mental issues. Attila 
Muslim sympathizer on your Bosnian Muslim side is enough for me. That explains why you are in the same hate camp with the libshits. Good combo! Since you are talking about mental issues please take your medication and do yourself a favor and don’t skip again! Sloane 
What Bosnian Muslim side and hate camp? Do you even understand English? Do you know ANYTHING? Read my comments again. I am 100% Catholic. I told you to read up on history books, you are trying to defend Eastern European history when you don’t even know it. Croatia is 90% Catholic, Bosnia is Muslim, Orthodox and Catholic. I am half Bosnian Croat half Croat Catholic, so 100% Catholic. You retard. We in Dubrovnik remained independent and will continue to remain independent so we don’t have to fear the muslims like you do. The ones that are the most foreign, like you Asiatic Hungarians, are the ones most afraid of immigrants and are full of complexes as your messages have show. Goodbye now bozgor. Attila 
Still trying the fool me. Christian Croats live in Herzegovina and not the Bosnian side. Nice but a stupid try. It may have worked with someone else. I like your way of using the word Bozgor because it fits you. Really expresses your true intention and bigotry. I guess I should thank you for that. You know it’s not a bad thing to fear Muslims when they slaved and killed us and turned the country in to a wasteland just because we were Christians. I guess it does something to the psyche. Say hello to you Muslims neighbors and friends in Bosnia aIm sure you enjoy your time with them. John L. Wildman 
I agree. The more Atilla talks, the more stupid he sounds. Scooter McHeadshot 
Trying to include the US as a primary culprit shows your lack of knowledge and history. The US was at best a 3d string team when it came to colonies and military adventurism overseas. The ENTIRE problem of the middle east and africa can be lain squarely at the feet of the europeans, most notably the English and French, with honorable mention to the Germans, Dutch and Portuguese (and in the 20th century the Soviets) If you really think the Ottomans were 1.) holding arabia together and 2.) kept it peaceful, you have some reading to do. The Ottomans were barely hanging on the last 300 years of their reign, and fought against countless rebellions and foreign invasions due to the nature of their “empire”. Try reading “A Peace to End All Peace: The Fall of the Ottoman Turkish Empire and the Making of the Modern Middle East” by David Fromkin. Also read “The Arabs” by Eugene Rogan, it has a decent overview of the problems and shortcomings of the Ottomans. Diesel67 
The Ottomans lost their empire because they backed the wrong horse in World War I and because of local disgust with their corrupt misrule. Their fault. BTW, the Arabs and other Muslims they ruled over were not Turks and did not speak Turkish. Arutima