1078,"NAVAL BRIEF 02 November 14th, 2016 by LeDahu",Scott,"1202 Views November 15, 2016 No Comments SITREPs Scott 
Part 1 – The Russian navy modernisation program 
“I would like to emphasize that we have commissioned 42 warships in the past three years, from 2013 to 2016. From 2016 to 2018 we are planning to commission more than 50 warships, ” Russian naval CINC, Admiral Vladimir Korolyov said . Read more 
With only an estimated 48% of the Russian military has been modernised so far, it is certain that the Russian Navy is lagging behind. An interview with retired Deputy CINC Admiral Vasilyev provides more details on the scope of modernisation in all the regions of Russia, especially in the Arctic. RIA Novosti in Russian , in English 
It is good to see that the Navy is getting its lion share at last. Despite some highly visible setbacks, (notably with the French pulling out from the Mistral class contract in 2014), this modernisation program truly heralds in a new era for the navy, on a scale not seen since the time of the Soviet Union, more than 35 years ago. Here’s a prime example of the latest type of warship to enter into service: the – “ Admiral Grigorovich ” LINK 
The Russian Navy is focusing on new ships as part of the backbone of its green-water capabilities, while at the same time older Soviet era ships also get modernised & upgraded, the latest being the Marshal Ustinov , part of the Northern Fleet. Maintaining & deploying some of the older ships & as well as refitting such ships, underpins the blue-water naval component. Link to Ustinov Russian Navy Marshal Ustinov Cruiser Undergoes Final Tests in White Sea https://t.co/eDlwMyIoTI pic.twitter.com/C2YiSiZByG 
— NavyRecognition (@NavyRecognition) November 10, 2016 
Part 2 – The Syrian operations 
“ Today the main thing — to increase the level of training of all categories of personnel in combat conditions at sea. And combat duty at sea is the best school and the best Academy for a sailor of any level and rank. ” Admiral (Rtd) Ivan Vasiliev. 
The Dutch submarine and the Kuznetsov fleet 
There is more to last week’s Dutch submarine incident than meets the eye, but I just can’t put my finger on what. Whatever happened officially, it was a very serious incident indeed. Routine tracking/surveillance missions by submarines don’t usually end up in the news. Unless the Russian MOD publicised this event to make a clear point to NATO, about its ability to detect & track NATO submarines. 
More here 
In spite of all of the disparaging memes about its smoke & breaking down, as officially reported on Russian TV on Saturday, the Kuznetsov’s air wing flies daily sorties off the Syrian coast, carrying out training & reconnaissance flights. ( Rossiya 1 – Vesti v subbotu ). Yet, MSM feathers are ruffled again, as the Kuznetsov is still causing moments of agitation in some circles. But even the US Pentagon states that the Russian naval jets aren’t carrying ordnance . Link 
The Russian MOD confirmed that a naval MIG-29K crashed into the Med while returning to the carrier, off the Syrian coast, fortunately the pilot ejected and rescued by a SAR helicopter. Link 
South Front produced this article on the deployment of the naval helicopters in Syria, which reportedly will make a vital contribution in a mass missile strike. 
The missile types & capabilities onboard the Russian Navy fleet currently in the eastern Med is outlined in the infographic below: LINK 
Naval movements 
In other naval news, the Russian Navy’s Yug Class Oceanographic Research Vessel, Donuzlav, went south bound in October into the Mediterranean, so maybe it is playing a part in the Tartus naval base expansion. It is also likely that the Russian Navy Black Sea Fleet’s Nanuchka class guided missile corvette (617) is also stationed off Syria, as part of the expanded Russian fleet. It is however not known whether it has joined the core Kuznetsov group. Rumours state that the 3 Russian submarines operating in the Med are: the “Lipetsk” -“Vyborg”& “St. Petersburg”. 
The latest addition to the Syrian Express is Tapir Class LST “Nikolay Filchenkov” (152) & the Alexander Shabalin (110) both southbound en route to Tartus. Heading back home is the Tsezar Kunikov (158). 
As of the 12th Nov, the Kuznetsov’s oiler Osipov, the tug Nikolai Chiker and the SB Prof. Muru are in Tartus. Also present is a general cargo ship, the STARSHINA DEROV N.G, with a Hazard A cargo, (explosives). There is another ship loaded with Dangerous Goods, the LADY EMAN, at anchorage. The logistics and supply aspect of the Syrian campaign is very busy, mostly preparation for the forthcoming campaign in the Aleppo region. 
In other news, Syrian rebel linked social media claimed that a Russian warship fired a ballistic missile on the outskirts of Dana in the night of the 10th Nov. There has been no confirmation from Russian sources whatsoever. 

Part 3- NATO’ s backyard 
NATO announced on the 9th Nov the start of a ‘newish’ Operation Sea Guardian in the central Med area. It has been in the making since July, but evidently the timing or circumstances of this latest deployment don’t have a connection to the fact that the Russian Navy has just muscled in on NATO’s perceived “hallowed turf” with a significant naval presence in the eastern Med. [Sarc off] 
Wasn’t this supposed to be the belated response to the migrant crisis that peaked last year in the Aegean Sea? NATO really took their time to assemble this. So far the Operation currently involves the Bulgarian, Italian, Greek and Spanish and Turkish navies. This is also the additional presence of a Greek & German submarine, as well as aircraft. According to the press statement : “ Operation Sea Guardian will help maintain an accurate picture of daily activity in the Mediterranean to help identify possible security concerns .” The mission can be broken down into 3 parts: LINK