11765,Why Flu Shots Are the Greatest Medical Fraud in History,Madeline,"Humans Are Free As one of the very few independent voices willing to stand up against the scientific dogma of our modern medical regime, I’ve long felt a need to communicate the dangers of flu shots to the public so that people can have better information to prevent vaccine injuries and save lives.
This doesn’t mean I’m opposed to the theory of vaccination, by the way. In fact, I’m the author of A Blueprint for Safer Vaccines , an audio guide to saving lives and preventing vaccine injuries and deaths. 
To my knowledge, I’m the only independent journalist in the world who is scientifically trained to run an atomic mass spectrometry laboratory, which I’ve been running for nearly a year now and testing the heavy metals content of organic superfoods like cacao , common vaccines as well as the ability of water filers to remove toxic heavy metals . 
I’m the creator of the Low Heavy Metals Verified standard and I’m the inventor of patent-pending nutritional formulas for capturing heavy metals during digestion and binding with the radioactive isotopes of cesium (such as Cesium-137) to eliminate them from the digestive tract. 
Both of these patents are on file with the U.S. patent office awaiting a decision. 
My independent atomic elemental analysis of flu vaccines, published in the summer of 2014, proved that flu vaccines contain over 50 ppm mercury, an extremely toxic heavy metal linked to kidney failure, birth defects, spontaneous abortions and neurological damage. 
This finding has never been refuted by anyone. 
In fact, it was affirmed by vaccine proponents who insisted that it is perfectly safe to inject pregnant women, young children and senior citizens with mercury even though the flu vaccine insert itself readily admits there is no scientific evidence whatsoever to support the safety and efficacy of the vaccine in such groups. 
Believe it or not, there are still millions of people, doctors, pharmacists and even journalists who do not yet realize there is a very high concentration of mercury in influenza vaccines given to pregnant women, children and senior citizens. 
Most people, you see, have been lied to by the media which has stated over and over again that mercury was removed from all vaccines. 
That’s simply not true. 
It’s still there. And toxic mercury is present in influenza vaccines at a level that’s literally 25,000 times higher than the EPA limit of mercury in drinking water. [7] It’s 100 times higher than the highest level of mercury contamination I’ve ever tested in ocean fish. 
See the evidence for yourself 
To prove the presence of mercury in influenza vaccines, I’m going to show you four irrefutable pieces of evidence: