1 can (15oz) pumpkin puree 1 (13.5oz) can full-fat coconut milk 1/4 cup gluten-free rolled oats 2 tbsp ground flax 1/4 cup coconut sugar 2 tbsp molasses 2 tsp cinnamon 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice 1/2 tsp salt 1 tbsp pure vanilla extract Instructions: 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Mix the above ingredients together, then pour into a prepared pie crust in a 10-inch round pan. Bake for 30 minutes (it might still appear undercooked—don’t worry!). Let your pie cool, then refrigerate for at least 5 hours. 2. Apple Cider Ingredients: 
6 cups of organic apple juice 1/4 cups of real maple syrup (you can use even less – let’s face it, apple juice is sweet on its own) 2 cinnamon sticks 6 whole cloves 6 whole allspice berries (optional)* 1 orange peel, cut into strips (optional)* 1 lemon peel, cut into strips (optional)* *Remember, the richness of flavor makes up for a lack of sugar—I’d rather have a spicier cider than one that is too syrupy sweet…
Instructions: 
Pour the apple juice and maple syrup into a large stainless steel saucepan. Place the cinnamon sticks, cloves, allspice berries, orange peel and lemon peel in the center of a washed square of cheesecloth; fold up the sides of the cheesecloth to enclose the bundle, then tie it up with a length of kitchen string. Drop the spice bundle into the cider mixture. I’m not that concerned if it all sits in the broth loose – just be careful not to pour it into your mugs when you serve it. Place the saucepan over moderate heat for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the cider is very hot but not boiling. You can leave it on the lowest simmer during a party. Remove the cider from the heat. Discard the spice bundle. Ladle the cider into big cups or mugs, adding a fresh cinnamon stick to each serving if desired. 3. Slow Cooker Baked Apples I love using my slow cooker, especially during autumn. It’s so nice to throw some ingredients in during the morning and then to come home to a house that smells amazing. This simple dessert makes use of the natural sweetness of apples and leaves out much of the sugar.
Ingredients: 
5 cups sliced peeled Granny Smith apples (4 medium) 5 cups sliced peeled Braeburn apples (4 medium) ¼ cup margarine (optional) 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice ¼ cup packed brown sugar (you can even use less or leave it out entirely—experiment to see what works the best for you) 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon ¼ cup apple cider Instructions: 
Simply mix all ingredients and cook on low for 3-4 hours. If you’re going to be out all day make sure to set the timer on your slow cooker so the apples don’t get mushy. 4. Spiced Pear Cake This spiced pear cake is a crowd pleaser and a great way to use up your canned pears. We’re leaving off the icing in order to make this a healthier choice, but see this recipe for a richer, more decadent version.
Ingredients 
For cake: