13121,Mantracker: Covering Your Tracks and Avoiding an Ambush,Jeremiah Johnson,"There has been rioting in the streets of every major city of the United States after the US presidential election and all of the governors have declared states of emergency. As you’re heading home from work, a presidential announcement is made that martial law has been declared, and the US government has temporarily suspended your rights under the Constitution. An executive order demanding the turn-in of all firearms has been signed and placed into effect. The federal government with the aid of local police departments and other state law enforcement agencies is now confiscating the firearms door-to-door. 
You’ve been catching all of this in a radio broadcast as the announcer in a faltering voice also states that the US is on the brink of war. As you turn off the main highway, listening to the news and heading home, you notice that there are a number of vehicles…about a half dozen black blazers and several police cars…parked outside of your house with federal agents pounding on your front door. The S has hit the fan, and it looks as if you might have to skip dinner. You drive by without stopping, only to see the road blocked off about 200 feet down and similar operations occurring at your neighbors’ homes. Parking your car off the shoulder, you grab your backpack and supplies from the vehicle. It’s time to run. 
Read part 1 of Mantracker here 
It is the hope of all decent people that such events do not occur. But what if they do? It’s time to make a getaway and not play around with the semantics or second guess any longer. This is just one reason out of innumerable that you may be on the run and the hunt has begun. Now is the time to focus your energies on getting away. Let’s cover some of the basics and finer points now, in this article to prepare you for bleak circumstances such as the outlined scenario.
Basic Escape and Evade Techniques Part of your E & E , your Escape and Evasion is going to depend on how much notice you receive before you are actually being pursued. The situation above is a bleak one: the hunted individual is about to be stripped of all of his belongings and equipment. He must now retreat from what was to be his retreat and cut his losses.