13533,Re: The Hard Working American vs. The Government Parasite,Janet Witt,"The Hard Working American vs. The Government Parasite By Michael Snyder, on April 10th, 2012 
Which lifestyle choice produces better results – being a hard working American or being a government parasite? Actually, when you look at the cold, hard numbers they may just surprise you. In America today, we deeply penalize hard work and we greatly reward government dependence. If you live in a very liberal area of the country and you know how to game the system, it is entirely possible to live a comfortable existence without ever working too much at all. In fact, there are some Americans that have been living off of “government benefits” for decades. Many of these people actually plan their lives around doing exactly what they need to do to qualify for as many benefits as possible. America is rapidly turning into a European-style socialist welfare state and it is destroying our nation socially and financially. Ever since the “war on poverty” began our debt has absolutely exploded and yet now there are more poor people in this country than ever before. Obviously something is not working. 
Now don’t get me wrong. I deeply believe in having compassion for those that are going through tough times and having a safety net for those that cannot take care of themselves. We should not have a single person in this nation going without food or sleeping in the streets. 
But in America today it is absolutely ridiculous how many people are climbing aboard the “safety net”. At this point, an astounding 49 percent of all Americans live in a home that receives some form of government benefits. 
So who pays for all of this? 
The people that drag themselves out of bed and go to work each day pay for it all. 
For a few moments, let’s examine how the lifestyle of a typical hard working American compares to the lifestyle of a government parasite. 
In America today, the median yearly household income is somewhere around $50,000. About half of all American households make more than that and about half of all American households make less than that. When you break it down, it comes to about $4000 a month. 
So how far does $4000 go in America today? 
Unfortunately, it doesn’t go very far at all. 
First of all, a hard working American family will need some place to live. Unfortunately, the vast majority of the decent jobs are near the big cities, and it is more expensive to live near the big cities. Let’s assume that an average family of four will spend about $1000 a month on rent or on a mortgage payment. 
The government parasite, on the other hand, has a whole host of federal, state and local housing programs to take advantage of. During the recent economic downturn, more Americans than ever have been turning to the government for help with housing costs. For example, federal housing assistance outlays increased by a whopping 42 percent between 2006 and 2010. 
Once you have a place to live, you have to provide power and heat for it. For the average hard working American, this is going to probably average about $300 a month, although this can vary greatly depending on where you live. 
For the government parasite, there are once again a whole host of government programs to help with this. For example, LIHEAP (Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program) assists low income households in paying their home heating bills. 
Most average hard working Americans are also going to need phone and Internet service. Let’s assume that the hard working family of four in our example is extremely thrifty and only spends $100 a month for these services. 
For the government parasite, cell phone service is not a problem. As I have written about previously , those that “qualify” can receive a free cell phone and free cell phone minutes every single month from the federal government. In addition, in some areas of the nation low income families can qualify for deeply subsidized home Internet service . 
In order to earn money, our hard working family is going to need to get to work. In most households, both parents have decided to work these days so both of them will need cars. Let’s assume that the family is very thrifty and that both cars were purchased used and that the car payments only total about $400 a month. 
The hard working family will also need auto insurance for the two vehicles. Let’s assume that both parents have a great driving record and that they only pay a total of about $100 a month for car insurance. 
The cars will also need to be filled up with gasoline. The average U. S. household spent $4155 on gasoline during 2011, but let’s assume that our family is very, very careful and that they only spend about $300 on gas each month. 
So what about the government parasite? Well, the government parasite does not need to go to work, so this expense can potentially be eliminated entirely. But since most other things are paid for by the government or are deeply subsidized, in many instances government parasites are actually able to afford very nice vehicles. 
In addition, a new bill (The Low-Income Gasoline Assistance Program Act) has been introduced in Congress that would give “qualifying” households money to help pay for gasoline…. 
Low-Income Gasoline Assistance Program Act – Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to states to establish emergency assistance programs to pay eligible households for the purchase of gasoline. 
A hard working American family is also going to need health insurance. Well, we all know how expensive health insurance has become. In fact, health insurance costs have risen by 23 percent since Barack Obama became president. But let’s assume that our hard working family has somehow been able to find an amazing deal where they only pay $500 a month for health insurance for a family of four. 
For the government parasite, health insurance is not needed. If there is an emergency, the government parasite can just go get free medical care at any emergency room. 
And of course there is always Medicaid. Back in 1965, only one out of every 50 Americans was on Medicaid. Today, one out of every 6 Americans is on Medicaid, and things are about to get a whole lot worse. It is being projected that Obamacare will add 16 million more Americans to the Medicaid rolls. 
So what about food? 
Everyone has to eat, right? 
Well, the hard working family in our example is faced with an environment where food prices are constantly rising but paychecks are not keeping up. Let’s assume that the hard working family in our example clips coupons and cuts corners any way that it can and only spends about $50 for each member of the family on food and supplies each week. That comes to a total of $800 a month for the entire family. 
So what about the government parasite? 
Government parasites need to eat too. 
Well, that is where food stamps come in. Right now, there are more than 46 million Americans on food stamps. Since Barack Obama became president, the number of Americans on food stamps has increased by 14 million. Food stamps have become so popular that rappers are even making rap videos about using food stamp cards. 
Okay, so after all of this where do we stand? 
Well, the average hard working family so far has spent $3500 out of the $4000 that they have to spend for the month. 
We still need to find money for clothing, for paying off credit card debt, for paying off student loan debt, for dining out, for entertainment, for medications, for pets, for hobbies, for life insurance, for vacations, for car repairs and maintenance, for child care, for gifts and for retirement savings. 
But wait. 
There is actually no money left at all because we have forgotten one of the biggest expenses of all. 
Taxes. 
When you total up all federal, state and property taxes, our average hard working family is going to pay at least $1000 a month in taxes. 
So that puts our average hard working family in the hole every single month. 
Meanwhile, the government parasite does not pay any taxes because he or she does not earn enough money to be taxed. 
Are you starting to get the picture? 
In many ways, life can be so much easier when you are constantly taking from the government instead of constantly giving to the government. 
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie recently put it this way …. 
“We’ll have a bunch of people sitting on a couch waiting for their next government check” 
Once again, I am not dumping on those that have been through all kinds of nightmares because of this economy. As I have written about so frequently, the U.S. economy is simply not producing enough jobs for everyone anymore, and this is creating major problems. 
Just about everyone needs a helping hand at some point, and we should always be compassionate to those that are in need. 
However, there is also a growing number of Americans that are content to simply give up and live off of the government, and that is fundamentally wrong. 
It is not the job of the U.S. government to take care of you from the cradle to the grave. What the U.S. government is supposed to do is to make sure that we have a well functioning economy that operates in an environment where hard working individuals and small businesses can thrive, and sadly the U.S. government has failed miserably in that regard. 
We desperately need the U.S. economy to be fixed, but I wouldn’t hold my breath waiting for that to happen. 
As economic conditions get even worse in this country, millions more Americans are going to turn to the government for assistance and at some point the safety net is going to break. 
What is our country going to look like when that happens? The Shocking Truth About Unemployment In America In One Chart » David H 
Preach it Michael! I work in the finance industry and can’t tell you how many applications I see where the single mother of 1-4 kids, in some cases, from different fathers is getting child support, afdc, wic, housing assistance and has a boyfriend or ex- husband living with them and making 2-5k a month. These people live better than most others because they are working the system with no one to tell them anything different! In addition to this issue we have another large issue of people bartering or being paid in cash avoiding taxation completely. We are all going to pay dearly for our arrogance, indifference, and ignorance! Rancher 
You know what… there are and more often times I would rather burn my cash than send it into the govt to pay these bums sitting at home. We do every darn thing we can to keep it out of those leaches grasp…. Prepared Pastor 
I briefly dated a woman with three children who I saw really gaming the system. Her subsidized townhouse apartment was nicer than my own home. Her utilities were based on her income and she made great dinners using food stamps. 
She was in her last semester of college to earn a bachelor degree when I asked her what her plans were for after college. When she told me she was going for another degree so she could stay on the dole I broke up with her. 
I imagine she has a free cell phone now. Michael 
I would say that you sure dodged a bullet there Pastor. 
Michael Joel 
If you want to have an idea of the sress it can create for workers just look toward Belgium (Europe). It’s the country with the “best” welfare system. From your birth to your death you are under government umbrella. Of course this come at a price : the active workforce pay for it. 
For instance, did you know, an immigrant can receive money from the government (as a right to live decently) even without working. Then he can bring in his family if he was alone when he arrived (under the family reunion excuses), which in turn have some right also… The amount of money they can receive is between 900 – 1200euros per month… all of that at the expense of the workforce. 
By the way, the demographic pyramid his completely reversed. At first the Belgian welfare system was build around an era of full employment (50’s and 60’s), when the workforce was made up of young generations (babyboomers) and when everything has to be rebuild after the war. 
Now, the babyboomers at become the papyboomers and have a right for their retirment, etc, etc. Yet this system being based on the active workforce (made up of less young people and underqualified), it is meant to crash one day or another. 
To see the USA going toward a European version of welfare system is a huge mistake destroying the foundation of your country. 
Joël MisterD 
Unfortunately, I believe this has passed the point beyond return. The best anyone can hope for now is a miracle or get ready for the inevitable crash. I pray that nobody nor I will be forced in the middle of the mess such as having to literally protect oneself from crazy people, etc. Ashley B. 
Finally someone that is not afraid to say something about this! It sickens me to see people leeching off the system because it’s easy money and food and of course free. 
I know of LOTS of people where I live that get food stamps, SSI, welfare etc. because it’s free and they don’t want to work (many of them are too lazy to take the trash out, seriously) 
Yet me and the rest of my family earn a living, work hard and have to look at these bums drive nice cars, sit home all day and pump out paychecks, I mean kids. 
Don’t get me wrong, some people honestly need help and I often donate to the needy, but these are different from the pure lazy bums that just TAKE benefits because they’re too lazy to work. Jodi 
I have to say I love the “pump out paychecks, I mean kids”. So true! I have a friend who is a retired nurse and she has seen a lot of young people in the hospital with child who had good intensions on going to college and getting a degree. Most of them go to school, get married and get pregnant before they even graduate. Without even thinking about starting a good life and financially being prepared, they get on medicaid & welfare because they don’t have the money or a job to take care of their child. Sheepdog 1 
I guarantee that the “Government Parasites” will pay… 
…come Judgement Day. 
Meaning of course, they will never pay. Recoveryless Recovery 
Great article, as usual! 
One of the MAIN reasons why the American sheeple haven’t REVOLTED yet is precisely thanks to all the government hand-out programs that currently exist. Indeed as you well said; many, many Americans actually plan their entire lifestyles around doing whatever it takes to continuously qualify for them. Unfortunately for the rest of us, as long as there’s a dumpster behind a McDonald’s that these SLOBS can dive into for free food, they will NEVER go hungry. And revolutions rewquire HUNGRY people. 
Checkmate. 
Today’s America offers only TWO viable expectations for achieving actual “hope & change you can believe in®”: one requires you to wield a passport & one-way ticket overseas, the other requires wielding an AK-47. 
I myself will go with Option A. Paul 
The fostering of dependency on illegitimate governments installed through media fraud or outright election fraud (like you have in the US) is what it is really about. DAS 
I will give you an example of the the system is flawed. My father worked full time all his life. Paid all his taxes, S.S. and so forth. When the doctors found his canser, it was to late, he had only a short time to live. He worked intill the day he fell and could not walk. We (his family) supported him with his finaces as best we could. Going to the goverment only for help with food stamps. They gave him 14 dollars a month! W.T.F. can you buy with that. We shopped at discount stores, were many people used food stamps. I watched as these people got in to nice cars, with nice clothes with BAGS full of food. Mean while I hurried back to my 12 year old truck (so i wouldent be late for work) with a small bag a crap food. I guess I need to lean how to milk the system too. R.I.P. dad mondobeyondo 
$14.00 a month? GASP! The explanation that comes to mind is, the government must have been using employment and income data from 1912, not 2012. 
The reality is, Uncle Sam is flat broke. He has too much pride to tell you he’s broke. Bernadette 
That is just sick, I’m so sorry to hear that. That is so ridiculous I don’t even know what to say. GOD bless your poor dad, and you for having to go through that. I’m so sorry:( Jodi 
It’s true, I’ve known some people in my life that do as little at possible to get government assistance. Most of them seem very proud of it and believe they deserve it. My question is, what happens when government runs out of money and can’t pay all these people who have been dependent for so long? That doesn’t sound good! Nothing to see here, go back to sleep. Ron 
Think Greece WM 
Jodi, Don’t go back to sleep when the money runs out. It is inevitable that the borrowed money will stop coming and all therse free loaders who have no clue of what it’s like to actually do something, will riot, protest, and burn the cities of America down. Consider this future event as a time of national cleansing, because the millions and millions of law abiding citizens who enjoy the 2nd Ammendment,and have worked for what they have, will surely bear arms to protect themselves from the entitlement zombies coming to take what they have… 
There will be a population decrease and a cleansing of the entitlement crowd. 
But, please do not sleep. This is a time to prepare and keep watch, things are going to get very interesting in this nation in the very near future. Jodi 
I will never go to sleep. It seems like the media ignores this stuff and treats people like it’s time to go back to sleep. That is what I meant! 007 
Have you ever watched a zombie movie. It will be a lot like that when the government checks stop. James 
The poor and unemployed in the U.S. will never be able to get off of the government roles. We are experiencing what I like to call, “Reverse Industrial Revolution”. The Industrial Revolution was a time when farmers were attracted to the big cities for jobs that paid high wages, when compared to their farm incomes. Now, we are experiencing high unemployment from jobs that will never come back unless the energy situation is somehow reversed. These unemployed people will soon realize that they have to have someway to get food to feed themselves. Especially if food stamps and government assistance starts to disappear, and it will. These unemployed people should begin to relocate out into rural areas to find homes where they can grow and produce their food, and sell the rest for income. There is a situation starting to appear in this country where going to college is not a good investment anymore. The only real need for college nowadays is for medicine, engineering, and law. You would be better off taking out a loan for a farm. or opening a small business rather than going to college. Farm and agrarian related jobs can make good money, especially if you own your business. If this reversal comes to fruition, the small rural towns will come back to life and support families and provide a reasonably good life. Tom 
The only real need for college nowadays is for medicine, engineering, and law. 
Medicine and engineering- yes, but law? The LAST thing this country needs is another lawyer (sorry Michael)! MANY of the problems facing this country were caused but lawyers and the fear of law suits! Tom 
sorry again- by lawyers nowwthen 
Good points. If you can’t find work with a useless bachelor’s degree you will still be accountable for paying back your student loans even after going through bankruptcy. If, like you advise, you instead borrow money to buy a farm or start a business your hard work would benefit you and your family and not a corporation that views you as an expendable business expense. And if your business failed those loans could be reduced or eliminated through bankruptcy. Too many kids are brought up being told to study hard so they can grow up and find a good job. Parents should be telling them to study hard and learn how to run a business that involves doing what you’re good at. S. Wiseman 
“You would be better off taking out a loan for a farm. or opening a small business rather than going to college. Farm and agrarian related jobs can make good money” James, you are right on the money. I know many people who are doing just that – buying or leasing small acreage to grow crops (1 to 5 acres) and build cottage industries. They are sick and tired of being milk cows for the government leeches and are doing the right thing by starving the beast of what it needs. The major news networks will never report this trend but it is happening. The peaceful revolution has begun. Of course, the government may react with forced labor. Bernadette 
Wow, those are really good ideas, and I agree with you on so many levels:) Why are you not running for President? We need someone at the Helm with a sharp mind, with creative ideas. Not the ideas of destruction coming from Washington. Everything you said made so much sence. Now I know what to pray about:) Cinderella Man 
Agreed going back to the basics of rural living will become a means to an end in the future. There is no hope in living in the superslum cities of tommorrow! ky survivor 
One step closer to total control. That is what a welfare state is about. God help us. Josh 
I highly doubt that Jesus would use the term parasite to describe a fellow human being. DAS 
Your right. He would call them leaches Another Richard 
How about “vipers” in Mathew 3:7? Jesus was not at all “politically correct” as we sweet Christians are Laodocian America are. Colin 
…you have a better term? David H 
True….but he would say get off your rear end and work for your living if you are able. At least volunteer your time to some worthy cause to help justify the free lunch your on. I have a relative that draws SSDI (Social Security Disability) and volunteers he says he does it to help justify his disability payments he recieves. We need more people in the world like that. 007 
How about sluggardly leaches. If a man will not work let him not eat. Proverbs. Steve 
Your blog refers to those who feeding off of the nanny state. What about the millions of government(valueless)workers making 75 – 150 K/year with all the perks and a rosy pension they can start to draw before they turn 60 (unless they double or triple dip). They’re just as parasitic as the the free loader on the dole. Altogether, these parasites make up more than half of America’s population. At this stage of the empires existence, I’m saying to myself, let it all collapse. It’s going to be hellish but the longer the government props up the dog poop with fiat money, the more chaotic it will be. Michael 
Steve: 
Yes, you are right. I have written about the inflated compensation that government workers get in the past. 
Michael Klean 
All systems are broken. There is no right anymore. Stop thinking there is a right way to do something. Going back to sleep is more interesting than earning a living. SpunkyBunks 
My lazy obese sister is one of these parasites. We are all ashamed of her and she knows it. Her worthless husband doesn’t even bother showing up around us anymore because he knows we think less of him as well. And they have five children, 3 of them are high school dropouts so far. Great welfare system we have in Amrica. It rewards these losers to sit around and breed more idiots too! Paul 
Nice family. 
Where have family values gone these days? 
Why should the tax payer pay for YOUR family, if you do nothing but complain about them? 
What have YOU done to prevent your nieces and nephews dropping out of high school? Bernadette 
Your sister is so lucky to have such a supportive family to help her through her hard times. I’ll just bet you all were that supportive of her during her whole life that’s why she’s been such a success. 
Good job mom and dad:D Mattyboy 
Start to hide your income. Make extra cash doing things (legal) that can be hidden. This has gone on for a long time in the EU. Taxes are close to 90% over there. I do not want to pay the Fed for a number of reasons. I wish we had a revolt of about 200 million that decided to not pay taxes. I guess we would only need 58 million. I like making cash that I do not have to claim. I would also support a flat tax and the abolition of the IRS. But, you can’t trust the Gov. they always “need” more money. Kathy Smith 
I totally agree MATTY I wish there was a way to get everyone to not pay taxes for 1 pay check & not buy gasoline for 1 day.That would get some attention. Paul M 
http://www.thoughtsfromaconservativemom.com/2012/02/number-of-americans-dependent-on-government-jumps-23-welfare-state-now-consumes-70-of-federal-budget/ mark 
I have been a landlord since 1981. I no longer manage the apartment complexes, but I have seen all that Michael writes about in the past. It make me sad to see where this country has gone. We used to be a proud nation that could do anything, but no longer is our population strong in heart. We have become a weak useless country of people that think everyone else owes them a living. tappedops 
For the umpteenth time… dont get mad–get even,… and if you cant get mad, its because youve been labotomized by the air food and the water… your programmed…your under mind control— yea- laugh while you can. And you say how can i get even… well you cant figure that one out as well because the chemical weapons have totally removed your ability to criticly think… game over —your done—toast— go back to dancing with the stars… Rodster 
Gary2 is that you in the picture? DAS 
I would gladly be in the picture! sistrunkqueen 
I don’t agree with this article. I think any American who has paid their taxes should be able to get any type of government assistance. I am a tax payer. I also an unemployed, but if I need some assistance you betcha I will apply. My dad, who is a Vietnam Vet, can qualify for food stamps but he say “We aren’t that po’!” My mom wants him to get the aid. Anyway to help make ends meet should be explored. My sister has WIC. I need some government assistance. Where do I sign up? Oh by the way I got the free phone. It is great for local calling. McKinley Morganfield 
” I am a tax payer. I also an unemployed…” 
Error! Does not compute. Error! Review data and resubmit. Cinderella Man 
Dude they take taxes out of unemployment checks… McKinley Morganfield 
Yes, they take FICA out. But in the end isn’t it really government playing a charade by simply giving them less? BTW, SS & medicare, which are supposed to be funded by FICA receipts, are both in the red. For every $1.00 DC spends, $0.40+ is borrowed money. Annual interest payments on the federal debt will soon be $500,000,000,000. Do you think this can continue another 5 years? 10 years? 20 years? Rancher 
Excuse while I barf…. Rodster 
There’s a big difference. If someone is really down on their luck and needs help after doing all they could to get a job then I have no problem with what you just said. 
If OTOH, someone wants to live of the Gubmint so they can stay home and play Call of Duty MW3 and watch TV then you sir might just be Gary2’s brother. 😛 
I was down on my luck several times. At one point all I had to my name was a months worth of rent. You know what I did? I took “3” minimum wahe jobs just to pay the bills. And I refused to ask the Gubmint for assistance. I figured once I did that it would be a point of no return. Mal R. 
shouldn’t your name be WelfareQueen? Tatiana Covington 
Very well, let them starve to death and be done with it. 
That will get rid of the unfit weaklings. Klean 
Yeah more food for the powerful and parasitic. 007 
They won’t go quietly into the night. They will turn violent and be hunting you they will not have the skills to do do anything else. 
Can´t believe your comment got through the moderator, tells me a certain thing about the moderator himself. Tatiana Covington 
Perhaps the world should be made free of Reds. Ryan 
It appears that the author and the writers of the two comments have been seriously sniffing……. something. This article was a waste of time to read as it is merely the standard diatribe of “hard working family” against the “filthy masses”. You guys have been drinking the Wall Street/GOP/DLC Kool Aide. Tom Lowe 
Baloney! There is a vast sea of professional freeloaders dragging this world down! Tatiana Covington 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzspsovNvII&feature=related Hognutz 
Yes I am one who drags himself out of bed everymorning to go to work so the parasites can feed a little longer. But I have a feeling it will end very very soon… 
“Keep working there are millions on welfare depending on you!” Already Gone 
The economy is simply not producing enough jobs for everyone anymore and this is creating major problems. the problem with companies leaving this country started when obama took office and implemented his harsh environmental rules if the environment is such an issue then way did they not start implementing solar power,wind power,etc 20 or thirty yrs ago? the technology has always been there during WW2 germany was already making bio-fuel from potatoes and other vegtables,methanol gas from cow-shit my uncle told me back in the depression days they would create battery banks and hook up a generator to the windmill and charge the batteries to power the lites in the house at nite.As i had wrote before during Jesse Ventura’s days as Gov of Mn they had what was called the greyhound-chicago pipeline where people from chicago would come up and use family/ relatives adresses/claim they were residents of Mn get there welfare check and go back to chicago one individual said at the time that he was going to retire in Mn becasuse it was so easy to get welfare-26 yrs old! At This Time the Democrat party is pounding the welfare drum again, they want to add more people to the welfare rolls in this state, who in the hell is going to pay for this? This state is already having money problems we do not need anymore.Since i have been told that i am confused let me relate a fact to you sharonj one reason george bush would not sign the kyoto treaty back when he was president was because of the irreversable damage it would do to the u.s economy now obama has done this in his own way and look at what has happened and mix that together with the ptb’s desire to create a global economy somebody has to pay the price and it is obvious who it is. I Am Neither Democrat nor Republican as i do not care for either, old phart why don’t you tell them to point the gun the other way? Some people in this country are stupid and lazy and need to get off there fat asses and quit stuffing there faces full of potato chips and get a education and a job, the truth hurts doesn’t it. I Am tired of seeing more and more of my hard earned money going to deadbeats so they can live a nice easy life and not have one ounce of respect for the people that are making it happen for them. Gay Veteran 
“…the problem with companies leaving this country started when obama took office….” 
That is pure BS and you know it. I’m no Obama fan but outsourcing did not start with him. McKinley Morganfield 
To protect fools for the folly of their actions fills the world with fools. If you want more of something subsidize it. If you want less of something punish it. We, in the name of compassion, reward fools who have made bad choices. We subsidize those bad choices generation after generation. We punish frugality and hard work via regulations, taxes, and low interest rates. 
Democracy is dangerous when it creates a class of citizens who benefit from the frugality and hard work of others. Robbing Peter to pay Paul only works until you run out of Peters to rob. I have compassion for those who are truly needy through no fault of their own, but leeches must be starved. Blood sucking ain’t the way. mondobeyondo 
The system seems to be geared toward rewarding the parasites. There are those out there who truly, honestly are in a hard-luck situation, and need a helping hand, so to speak. 
And then you have the parasites and leeches. Those who decide to make government dependence their career choice. The ladies (ahem – I use that term loosely) who are accustomed to pumping out a baby every couple of years so they can get better benefits. Food stamps, Aid to Dependent Children, WIC, child support (hope you had a “sugar daddy” knock you up!) All coming their way in 9 months! And they didn’t even have to move their bloated gluteus maximus (okay, obese donkey) off of the couch. Life is grand! 
Government assistance programs were not created so that these leeches can suck the lifeblood out of the hard working people. Another Richard 
Government assistance programs were created to make the Masses dependent upon the Gubmit. Roosevelt once said that “nothing happens in Gubmit by accident”. Gubmit undrestands human nature very well and how dependent humanity becomes on freebies and will cooperate with the gubmit to attack the honest hard working people who produce things and are the Real tax payers. When the producers of goods and services want the Freebies stopped by the gubmit, the leaches and parasite Masses will defend the Gubmit giveaways to the Death. Gubmit knows that. whens dinner? 
It’s a simple as this: “everybody wants to eat the corn, but nobody wants to plow the fields”. Tom Lowe 
A lot of us don’t mind plowing the fields! In fact we actually enjoy doing so. mondobeyondo 
I hope my federal income tax money (yes, I have to pay this year) doesn’t go to helping those lazy pathetic sloths. But you know and I know that’s exactly where it’s going. 
Now I’m starting to get angry. You won’t like me when I’m angry. (Thanks, Incredible Hulk!) 
To those intentionally taking advantage of the system: Someone is going to play Johnny Cash’s “Ring of Fire” at your funeral. Just sayin’…. 007 
The most infuriating aspect of this welfare system is that it is unrealistic and unsustainable. The welfare state slowly but surely strangles the economy. The higher taxes and regulations and overbearing laws destroy the ability of businesses to survive. Inevitably, the unsustainable benefits will end just like they are ending in Greece. What will the parasites do when the freebies stop. They will starve like domesticated pets do or they will turn violent. Either way it will be a night mare similar to post apocalyptic zombie movie. It will be a pitiful life trying to avoid being eaten alive by these same parasites that are currently living off of the government tit. Tom Lowe 
I believe that is one reason why they have built ‘Camp FEMA’. 007 
Great article Michael. You certainly articulated the crisis which is slowly strangling the life out of the country. I read your article and feel I am able to look into the future and see how this nightmare ends. At least we can see it and prepare ourselves. I will share this article with everyone I can because it so clearly frames the fight for our countries ultimate survival. Michael 
007: 
Thank you for sharing this article. The article may seem a little harsh, but the truth is that our society could use some “tough love” about now. 
Michael 
you need to give the tough love to the real parasites–corporate welfare Michael 
I think that you will find that I did that in the article I just posted. 
Michael 007 
What a tremendous slap in the face to everyone who works and struggles every day to make a living and provide for their famalies. Pat 
Let me also add that: