10. All protests must be approved by the government. 
Welcome to your future. 
…as it is so in many sectors of the U.S. education system. 
How many schoolteachers are fired for incompetence? Not many, I suspect. 
Teachers teach the leaders of tomorrow. Our future teachers, teach future biologists, musicians, artists, plumbers, scientists, Web page designers, doctors, veterinarians, you name it. 
For the job they do, most teachers are highly underpaid. The athletic coaches and deans are well compensated, of course. 
Maybe it is not so important to most of you. But try having garbage workers go on strike for a month. You will soon realize how essential they are. View from Abroad 
@1) How did you like your stay in Albania? 
@2) You seem to speak of some of the Scandinavian Countries (Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Norway)…but there the vast majority, even of those who are in the top-income-tax bracket, approve of it, because they see that they have a superior education system and an overall very efficient government and even welfare system. 
@3) Yes, right – government chooses to do e.g. waste management themselves, ecologically and recyclable to the max…instead leaving it to the likes of “Barone Sanitation” (remember your “Sopranos”, do you?). And you really think, YOU are better off in this matter???? 
@4) In most of rural Europe there is as much fishing and hunting as in rural US. Of course maybe not so much fishing e.g. in the Thames or the Rhine – so what? Go fishing in downstream Hudson River, and see what you catch. 
@5) Surprise: quite a LOT go to university – and WITHOUT burdening themselves with student loans for the rest of their lives, because it’s mostly FREE (except for some “Elite” institutions, where the only meaning of “Elite” is “Rich”). 
@6) Yes. So what??? 
@7) Yes…there was a couple of immigrants in Cologne (Germany) a few years ago, who wanted to name their newborn son “Osama bin Laden” ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/0,1518,212569,00.html ) – sorry, you are right, they were wrongfully turned down by our brutal, fascist, jackbooted Civil Servants. Horrible. 
@8+9) Well, YOU get what YOU can afford, even in Europe. But I have heard rumors that somewhere in Germany and even in France there are flats with a water closet(!!!)…never seen one myself, poor me old European… 
@10) Oh, yes…horrible. Luckily in the US you can rally any amount of people at any time you like – to let them get tasered down by the thugs you call “Police” Gary2 
Stop speaking the truth you are ruining a lot of low information foolish republican conservatives world view. 
You are 100% correct. 
Like I said before reality has a well known liberal bias. Marcus 
That was eastern Europe 30 years ago… In Scandinavia we’re doing quite well atm. I would say there’s less welfare here than in the USA by now. And I pay 30% tax. For these 30% I get healthcare as well. I live in a nice house, I have a new car, I eat good and healthy food. Almost all services are private, even the ones financed by taxes. And I’n not considered rich here. I’m middle class. 
In my opinion the middle class is actually growing here. And, by the way, my country does not have any oil. 
Have you ever been to Europe? Maybe Romania then… Idiot… Gwyn 
I am so sick of hearing how wonderful is to be living on Government hand-out. One I start working at 16. At the age of 50 my health and back went. I have done manual work all my life and now I can not stand for 5 min. before I need to sit. And for all that I live on $718. a month and get $50. on food stamps. And in the winter I may get 500. for winter heat. My house is $300 a month in cold of winter. They used to give $150. for cooling in summer but that end so they could help more people with winter needs. I do not own a car, could not afford repair it if broke down. So that mean friend who I pay gas money to or a cab if shopping or bus to go doctors. Also medicaid is no wonderfulness either I am grateful for it, but I have go to a clinic and wait for a month or six weeks for appointment or go emergency ward. Also my pills can be change any time state decide that they get better deal from another company. Not if it good for me or not. I am not living in one of those towers and paying 1/3 of income. I am lucky my family left part ownership of house to me. But I have property Tax to pay and house insurence and repairs and I do not get free phone or internet,I pay for it and the taxes that go with it. I do have to pay some money to doctor and pills but not lot I agree. But living like this means you are my entertainment. I bake my own bread and clean my house from chair. Also my clothes are second hand. Goodwill have lots of visit from people now days. I get sick of this idea that poor pay no taxes. What bill do get that does not some kind of tax on it. Anyone useing those same service have to pay them as well. Are they has much as yours? no. but they all so have less. Less to have fun on less to go out on and less to buy lots food with. Live on $50 see how far that take you. The rest comes for that monthly check I so lovely dream about every month sitting on my sofa. Till you be there you have no idea what like to live it. Not the pain I live with or problem that come with living. I look forward with fear as I watch the state and Federal government talks about things they need to cut so they can give people who live fancy house more money and want to vote for man for President who has bank account in places,like that Island and country with special banking laws. Make no mistake I know that cuts are coming but I am not going easy into that goodnight, so our million dollar congress men and women can keep there golden rewards. I know neither of the parties are our friends but I also know games have been play and working people money got rip off instead of yell for their heads so offend you worry about those who have less then you do. denny 
The article itself betrays its own horse . If families had that many liabilities every month, they wouldn’t be paying very much in taxes. The 1% have that part down though as most of them don’t pay near as much relative to what a $50,000 wage earner pays. It’s also suspicious that this article doesn’t mention corporate welfare which usually receives twice as much as the social welfare recipients do and let’s not forget what all those lobbyists are for. What’s a Lockeed/Martin contract except glorified corporate welfare or the blackmailing which corporations pull on municipalities when they promise to build a factory in the environs ONLY if they are exempted from paying local taxes. Nah, this article is just more of the Republican AND Democrat crap of blaming those of us who have been hit the hardest for the consequences of the war which the wealthy have laid our lives, infrastructure and jobs to waste. Surprised to find it on this site. Tom Lowe 
The article is quite clearly directed at professional freeloaders, and not at unemployed people. Jeremy 
While I disagree with much of Michael’s predictions and assertions in his articles (because our nation has come from the brink many times before), he writes on elite welfare and wealth hoarding all the time. 
He is fair. Leonard 
Dear Michael 
If you take away every single benefit of all these people, you will end up creating plenty of criminals on the streets who will end up in jail getting free food, free air conditioning, libraries, internet, and free health care for many many years to come. You mentioned an article some time ago how somebody checked himself into jail with some kind of a fake holdup in order to get health care in prison. Who do you think will end up paying for this? The banksters? The fat cats? The corporations? Good luck. Remember this: EVERYTHING HAS A PRICE! 
A job is a social program! Somebody has to give it to you when they hire you. When jobs are shipped overseas, then millions are out of work. If people are so happy with lay-offs, they end up paying for it one way or another! How many people are going to become successful like Bill Gates or Steve Jobs? Almost everybody? Good luck. Remember to play the lottery next time, anybody can win $200,000,000,! 
Let me give you a solution, Michael. Let’s bring ALL the jobs back that have been outsourced over the last two decades. Is this going to happen? Of course not! Michael 
Leonard: 
Yes, that is why I write about “free trade” and our trade deficit over and over so that people can understand what is happening. 
Michael VyseLegendaire 
“As economic conditions get even worse in this country, millions more Americans are going to turn to the government for assistance and at some point the safety net is going to break. 
What is our country going to look like when that happens?” 
Egypt. We will have chaos in major metropolitan areas around the nation. Or maybe we are so drug and entertainment-infused that we will simply throw up our hands and pull down our pants for big daddy government. 
Oh, and did you forget to mention the amount of people taking subsidized anti-psyochotic medication? When people suddenly come off of their expensive drugs, let us hope their violent outbursts do not reach the level of other well known mass murders associated with coming off of these SSRIs, like Sgt. Bales in Afghanistan. curt 
Yes insurance costs have gone up. Why? People are unemployed. Why? Why not, their example has been an industry whose greed is boundless. Lets not forget that if only the top couple of percent of income makers paid their share it could mean clean water, education and health for everyone on this planet. Certain parties have been trying to sink this system without coming up with an alternative and why in the world would anyone not greedy want privatization of natural resourses. Its industry that’s ruining this country and the greed that is their legacy. stan 
And on top of that, race wars and riots are coming to a city near you. This from the Black Panther: 
“If you are having any doubts about getting suited, booted, and armed up for this race war that has never ended, let me tell you something… The thing that’s about to happen to these honkies, these crackers, these pigs, these pink people, these mother ’ turtle people – it has been long overdue.” 
If you happen to be one of them honkies, or crackers, or pig, or pink people, or mother turtle people, you might just end up dead, for no reason other than your whiteness. Nexus789 
Amazing number of self righteous pompous individuals. The US has never had welfare state. It is more like a dependency system that has evolved to placate the masses as the US economy has declined and people have adapted to ‘game’ the system. 
What do you expect will happen if millions of jobs and tens of thousands of factories have been closed down and off shored to China, India, etc. What are the millions of unemployed going to do. The payments, food stamps, etc, are ways of keeping the idle masses passive. 
At some point this will end as the US is bankrupt and austerity measures will be introduced and many of these payments will be withdrawn..no food stamps, no unemployment benefits, no medical support, etc. Then you will all get you wish and reap the consequences. Paul 
does a common shareholder contribute to the success of a company? 
Isn’t the shareholder the true parasite? 
He draws money out of the company and does nothing in return? Paul 
Do you have any dependents? 
Yes, shareholders, managers, chairmen, bureaucrats and politicians. Paul 
In Hong Kong, 
every citizen has the right to medical treatment in public hospitals (only entrance fee of USD10 to be paid). 
There is no VAT in Hong Kong. 66% of Hong Kong people do not pay any income tax. Max. income tax is 15% of gross salary. Minimum is 2% 
The Hong Kong government does not have debts. Last year they had so much money left over, they paid every Hong Kong citizen over 18 about USD600. In addition they gave every tax payer a tax rebate of USD600. 
What are they doing wrong? de Malfosse 
re: “Ever since the “War on Poverty” began our debt has exploded”… certain amount of accuracy in writing this BUT the “War on Poverty” ran alongside that other horse in the Imperial race: the Viet Nam War, and the Viet Nam War is the direct source for Americans monetary difficulties today. 
I argue the debt explosion has much, much more to do with the maintenance of Uncle Sam’s Empire, an Imperium where tremendous amounts of American taxes continue to flow outward, then it does with the neighbor on welfare. 
I suggest the “welfare bum” is an easy & obvious target deliberately promoted by Uncle Sam so as to divert attention from the Empire and it’s 70+ year history of perpetual conflict, war, and interfernece in the affairs of other nations. 
Example: Country XXX (so as not to offend anyone) has itself received an average of 5 millions a day for more than 60 years off the American taxpayers back. Now if that doesn’t qualify as a “gov’t parasite”, what or who does? 
Is your neighbor on welfare more damaging then an entire company, say Lockheed-Martin, which hasn’t been off the gov’t teat since Truman was president? Tom Lowe 
Excellent points although they are clearly not directly related to the topic. 
What I actually see on the ground here is me working night and day for $800/month after 6 years of college long ago while the completely able bodied guy over there who never bothered to go to school does nothing all month but smoke dope and gets $900. NeoIsolationist 
I work. My wife worked for a long time and is now on unemployment. She would be one of that 49 percent collecting government benefits. She doesn’t want to be on unemployment, and intends to vote against the current administration come November. While lots of that 49 percent wants to continue scamming the system, I’d say there’s some in that group like my wife who don’t. I don’t think 49 percent in and of itself will be enough of a percentage. I could be wrong of course, but I recall hearing that Obama wanted to get about 75 percent of the population getting some kind of government assistance. I think he would agree that 49 percent, while alot, is not enough. Michael 
“””””In America today, we deeply penalize hard work and we greatly reward government dependence. “”””” 
same Thing in france, for a longtime As a disabled, i could have until $1000 from government as benefits …. but, no support to get a job, and once i get my own business, many taxes and no more benefits because of my disability 
stupid world chris 
Great article Michael as usual. But imo it’s overlooking a critical component to this problem: the breakdown of the family structure. I know your fully aware of this but I just thought it could use some mention. It will be a cold day in hell before I or anyone in my family accept any sort of assistance from .gov. jazzage 
You are missing three important areas of government dependance in this article. One, the liberal blue states pay more in federal taxes than they get back. That excess goes to the conservative red states that whine about the government but could not exist without their excess of government contracts, military bases, etc. The states of the old Confederacy get almost $2 back for every dollar they pay in. Two, the greatest amount of welfare in this country is money taken by taxing the middle class to subsidize the rich and big business. An example is the private prison industry. We privatize the prisons, the private companies that run these prisons then become lobbyists to bribe the “lawmakers” to make more laws making more things illegal so they have more prisoners and more revenue. Three, people with kids have more deductions and pay less taxes to the point where they have essentially zero taxes. Who has the most kids? Mothers on welfare, yes, but also Republicans who get away with paying little or no taxes. Guess who makes up the difference? Those of us with fewer or no kids, generally more liberal people. We also pay full freight on property taxes that fund the public schools. 
The hypocrisy of conservative morons is astounding. I say let’s get rid of public funding of schools, end all corporate welfare in all its guises, and set the losers in the Southern states out on their own and watch the size of the federal budget plummet. Gary2 
you are 100% correct. Michael will never acknowledge that you speak the truth as he does not let facts get in his conservative leanings. 
How about the welfare of churches and pastors houses, err mansions being tax free. I do not want to subsidize some rich paster of a megachurch. 
POOR Michael–what ever are you goiong to do when the real facts about welfare are pointed out?? The church is the biggest welfare scam of all. jazzage 
You are right, I forgot about the Churches that pay no taxes but yet butt their way onto every political conversation and use the power of the Church to promote their idiotic ideas. 
Welfare for those on the bottom exists to prevent rioting in the streets, and welfare for those on the top is the reason the government exists. Gary2 
its not just churches but pastors homes. Tax payers subsidize these mega church mansions as they are also tax free. Barn Cat 
The new gold rush is trying to qualify for SSI by being considered legally disabled. Tom Lowe 
I sprained my ankle walking to a job interview. Can I qualify for SSI?!! Dave 
Hello All. 
I have been reading this blog for some time, it is good to read some non-mass media propaganda. I however do not subscribe to the notion that USA or the rest of the world will descend into anarchy overnight. It will continue to be a gradual decline over the next 3-5 years, as it has been so far. 
It is not merely policymakers to blame, but a system that only operates on perpetal growth fuelled by cheap energy. As this energy rises in not only monetary cost,but also energy input costs, economic contraction is inevitable. 
Peak oil is definitely here. Shale and tar sands proves they’re getting desperate. 
Over time, perhaps people may need to return to the rural agrarian lifestyle they had pre-indutrial age,in order to survive. But the sun will stil rise and set. 
I don’t think that anarchy will come either, at least not where I live. Just a slow decay of order. Whatever happens, I would rather die helping my fellow man, content with this life I’ve been lucky to have, than to go down defending my “stash”. 
As for all this Dec 2012 rubbish, FYI our calendar (gregorian) ends every 400 years. Funnily enough we’re still around. Another Richard 
The Powerz that be, hold the rip cord on this Gargantuan Unpayable Debt of the USA and Europe. When they are satisfied with the ever growing level of this Debt – They will pull the rip cord on the Trillions of $ of Derivatives By The End Of 2012. That is their timeline to commence the New World Oder, I mean Order. I believe we will All be startled and frightened by the Suddeness and the Severity of the Collapse. Jack the Leper 
The United States Government is the parasite on the hard working people. Gary2 
Journalist Chris Mooney discusses his new book, “The Republican Brain: The Science of Why They Reject Science — and Reality.” 
In his new book, The Republican Brain: The Science of Why They Reject Science — And Reality, science journalist Chris Mooney surveys this growing body of data and explains its significance. 
I think the authors mistake is assuming republicans have a brain to begin with. chuck 
Isn’t the government our biggest parasite? Michael 
The government feeds off of hard working Americans. It’s their lifeblood. Chris 
Hmm… although this won’t be a popular thought, I really feel that the government should not hand out a dime to anyone for any reason. This was what the church was suppose to do. It was suppose to help those, widows, disabled, poor, etc. But, in our “anti-Christian” society now, we’ve given, or better stated, expect the government to take care of these and pushed the church out. The church still should be taking care of it’s own though. No matter what kinds of rules the gov’t tries to push. 
As a side note, what really burns me is that all the so-called atheists, anti-Christians, etc would try to justify that Jesus would have wanted socialism and that the government should take care or it’s people via handouts. That is a completely different Bible from what I read however as the Jesus I knew was very clear about people taking care of themselves and their family. If hardship hit, then the church – more specifically, other church members (others in your congregation) were suppose to then help you out. But, sadly, most “church” goers are now so self-absorbed and Bible deficent that they aren’t willing to help other church members because they think the government should. 
Ugh – catch 22. 
Sorry – my ramble on to a great article that hit a nerve! Eric Ferguson 
This article is an example of why America is going into massive debt. We have gone from a nation of makers to a nation of takers. People are content to sit on their but and receive enough money from the govt to live on. Yet it is people like me who go to work to support these lazy a$$ people. nowwthen 
This is not the country I grew up in. As I’ve said before I remember the days in the 60s and 70s when anyone with a high school diploma (and many without one) could find a job with a living wage. There were smokestacks and office buildings all over the country that needed workers. Most from my generation hate that things have devolved into the semi-socialist society Michael has painted here. The corporate lobbyists have convinced our country’s leaders to buy into the belief that tossing U.S. workers into a world labor pool is somehow good for us. Tens of millions of jobs have been lost as a result. Add to that the technological unemployment caused by all of the robotic and computerized replacements for human labor and it’s no wonder that unemployment and underemployment remain at record levels. A person who’s exhausted his or her 99 weeks of unemployment after losing a job they held for 20 years is likely to reason that “the government caused my job to go away so the government must pay me for what they took from me.” I guess it’s what they refer to as a “moral hazard”. I’d like to think that most Americans would still prefer to work at a job that paid a decent wage rather than stay on the dole. But sadly that will not happen as long as good American jobs are being eliminated by lopsided “free trade” policies and productivity gains resulting from more automation with less human labor. Jeremy 
You think clearly and make good points. Winston Smith 
though I can agree with your assesment of lack of jobs and good paying ones at that, the problem in part is the result of your statements-we have encouraged and trained people in this nation not to be their own bosses, but employees (wage slaves) dependant on others. Guilds- destroyed largely during the “reformation”, which then ushered in a dog-eat-dog, selfish economy, highly individualistic. Said guilds then and could now, provide training, placement, apprenticeships and benefits (health, insurance,etc). During the 20’s and 30’s, the RCC laity had land associations in the USA and Britain-due to lackluster support of clergy, none from Protestants and a depression/WW II, those died on the vine. Their purpose? to train men how to famr and then, to buy/rent a farm to provide for themselves and others. Ditchling survived, in sorts, until 1989. The men might have gotten training, but nowhere to go and nothing to buy/use/rent afterwards. They then were continually unemployed and stuck in filthy cities. 
Or many has to rely on a lot of ready cash, equity and suck to buy a franchise. A lot more to get a loan from them or a whole lot more to buy their own buisness, plus where then is training? Open a bar/grill? great, would love to do that-do not know the first thing about payroll, taxes, with holding, how and where to order products,etc…. pete 
Yes. This is all true and accurate information. 
Here’s some more: 
After 27 months of being unemployed, the jobs I am being offered are for about 1/4th of my former salary, while the costs for about everything are about twice as much. 
So, my choices are get back to work and suck it up like a good sheople…..or do my best to drive a spear into the beast’s heart and try to kill it. More of a mercy killing actually. 
It boils down to this. Do you buckle down, stiff upper lip, shoulder to the wheel and nose to the grindstone…..or give up? 
I’m going with the idea that supporting the crooked, decietful and errant policies is a loosing game and I am going to be merciful by helping put the ailing beast (US ECONOMY)to death. Right now it’s a wounded and dangerous animal. 
Don’t get me wrong….if it was possible to nurse it back to health…I’d be on board. However, Bernanke and the politicoes have decided that injecting growth hormones and a diet of five hour energy drinks is practicing good medicine….so am I evil by wanting to see a suffering animal put to sleep? Tom Lowe 
This happened to me 25 years ago and I swore then to kill the Beast and I know I am going to win. Tom Lowe 
BTW I got zip in unemployment from the Corporate Pigs. 
ZIP 
you got that right–the jobs are low pay walmart crap. Jeremy 
Your anger is about where I was last July. But, you are still accountable to God for your actions, and He requires that you work and do your best (Apostle Paul: if you don’t work, you don’t eat). 
The misery on this website will not help you either. I used to visit this site daily, but I realized that, while providing some key facts, it is no more knowledgable of the future than you or I. 
Don’t give up. Many days are difficult, but trust me, you WILL find peace in the valley, on the other side. Now I am encouraging people who actually have good jobs. THAT is service, and is a blessing. 
I take the bar exam in July, and look at it more as an adventure to where God will take me. Gemtap 
Track what they use….make them pay it back whent they get a real job…if not debtors prison! Cinderella Man 
Good topic, Michael. Now I know why my Dad gets so infuriated around tax time. When I was out of work and unemployment expired, I worked in the “underground economy” paid under the table because that was the only work there was. I breifly had to get SNAP assistance cause I had no other way to feed myself. Now that Im working again reading articles like this I often have to ask myself Why do I work? Tax time pisses me off too… I already told you about the welfare mama that got back $8,000 on EIC. She also gets section 8 housing assistance, and food stamps. So basically all you have to do is produce illegetimate children, apply for aid and presto! Set for life!! Keep working fools, millions on welfare depend on you! Michael 
Almost everyone needs help at some point, but the key is to pick yourself back up and get off of the help and that is exactly what you did. 
I don’t blame those that are going through temporary troubles. But those that have gotten comfortable living off of the system year after year and they never try to get off of it trouble me. 
Michael davidmpark 
Not exactly. 
I’ve been on both sides of this lately, so here’s how things really work. 
I worked as a government contractor until my wife became severely disabled about 5 years ago. So, I left to get a part-time merchandising job with a big box to be closer to her and our young kids. 
That “safety net” where I live is not very big. 
LIHEAP’s funding, at most, is about 2 months worth of utilities per year. The paperwork cost us about $30 to process and mail, after 4 hours of filling in and photocopying. 
Medicaid is very limited to kids and the disabled – I’m not covered at all. Every 3 months I have to fill out a 15 page review and send in all related documents to prove everything that I claim. Most of the time, I’m either missing a document or not enough info, so it lapses for about 10 – 15 days. 
Social Security – Disability has been a trial and half! We finally got full disability after 4 years, more than 1000 documents, and a law firm. For this, it’s not much; about $1100 per month. And since there really isn’t housing assistance from everyone else already on that program (been on the waiting list for 4 years), almost all goes to rent. 
Our kids do an online charter school (and doing well, they can actually read and do the math! The school district is an abysmal failure), but we can’t qualify for discounted (not free) internet because we have to cut service for 3 months before we can apply. We can’t do that unless we let the kids fall way behind. 
We don’t qualify for the cell phone discount (again, not free) cause I’m still working part-time. I need to quit to get that one; but if I do, the wife looses medical coverage and a few others. 
It’s not a fun system: and I don’t spend time waiting for a check – I spend a lot of time trying to build what we can afford to create our own utilities and grow food, looking for a better job to work-from-home because, as I said before, she is severely disabled and needs me here! I get up at 5 AM, got work ’till 11 (if I’m lucky and she doesn’t have a seizure or something – then I have to stay home all day), then clean house, help the kids with school, fill out paperwork, cook what I can, and then, if I’m blessed, do some stuff in the workshop and then go to bed at 12 AM. 
This is not a paradise; it’s near to hell! I don’t know who is profiting so much from being on these programs, but I know it ain’t us! And from the experiences while working for the federal government, I’m sure it’s the bureaucrats running the programs that are living the sweet life! Some of those guys make over $100,000 per year salary alone and spend most of their time in meetings. Tom Lowe 
Your case just illustrates how those who really do need help have such difficulty getting it in a system clogged with rank freeloaders. 
I know numerous fully able bodied mentally competent people who get SSI of $900 +/- or large Veteran mental disability payments up to $2500 and more who do NOTHING. Most of them are actually alcoholics or pill people. 
I knew a guy who gets $2500–plus SS–for some concocted mental disability (PTSD from a military helicopter accident? Come on, liar-actor! This was not even in combat). He came to me on the 11th of the month whining that he was already broke. Well he has lived in a van for the past 43 years while he freeloaded off of the phony PTSD disability. So he spent $2500 in 11 days living it up to the tune of $225+ per day and shows up broke and whining on the 11th here where we self sufficient people have had way more than our share of dumpster meals just to keep this roof over our head. 
I sent him to Camp FEMA, so to speak. 
I often have to work for myself for as little as $1-$2 per hour, and have for many years now. All you out there who think there is some sort of automatic minimum wage had better realize there is no such thing if you intend to survive. davidmpark 
Thanks Tom mondobeyondo 
All one needs to do to see government efficiency at its best, is to go to the local Department of Motor Vehicles office to get your vehicle registered. There are 30 counters available. Two employees, at two counters, are assisting customers. Some 600 or so people sitting, staring at screens, or chasing their kids. Already a bad sign. 
Press the little green button on the machine near the entrance. Your ticket reads “number 863″. 
The loudspeakers announce, “Now serving number 108″. 
Come on – even the Post Office is better than this! Gary2 
there are only 2 employees at the DMV because right wing gov like the soon to be replaced walker cut cut cut. 
Stop voting repube. Diane C 
It is really people like you who do need the help, and are not able to get enough. The problem is the entire system (government) is broke. There are those who really take advantage, and there are those who really need it. You would think because the government is so big and bloated, they would have enough people to check on these things. However you would have to be efficient in order to do that. Our government certainly is not. 
I wish you and your family the best. davidmpark davidmpark 
Okay, I need to clarify some things. 
My wife has an actual disability: severe traumatic brain injury, that caused epilepsy and a few other things. She was in a coma for almost a year and had to relearn most everything. It will cost her her life. It’s real – not easy to fake those CT scans and the other numerous tests. 
Second, I don’t know how to game this system: I give ’em all the requested info, they tell me what we can get. Honesty doesn’t pay off with these guys: and that’s the point! 
We HATE being on these programs! Using that EBT card in public is the most embarrassing thing; and the stares the cashier gives me is just damning. I hide the card best I can when swiping it and then quickly stash the eyesore away. When the receptionist at the doc’s office asks about insurance, I always whisper the answer. 
If these gov people want to do something right and good (for once); then pass a law that voids zoning laws for families that have a legitimately disabled member. I am capable of rearing animals and producing things here, but am limited because these guys want us on castrating programs that serve themselves! 
We have food storage, but it’s pretty basic now. And as someone here mentioned: if we don’t have these programs, they’ll take the kids and force my wife into assisted living – a kind of partial divorce. 
This isn’t the society I wanted; this is where I’m stuck! Phillip Sherwood 
The people I personally know who “work the system” aren’t getting rich but just treading water since they double up with family members and work low wage jobs. If they didn’t “work the system” they wouldn’t have enough to eat or their children wouldn’t be able to access health care. Many are caught up in drug abuse or alcoholism and are hardly able to maintain themselves. Some work very hard at low wage jobs and some don’t work at all. I agree at one level that throwing money at these people is worthless but cutting them off is just as bad since the children are the ones who suffer. I remember at the church I grew up in that what worked wasn’t monetary policy but individual assistance and genuine caring. Our pastor went to great lengths to assist a member who had a mentally ill mother and neither the pastor nor the church got a thing out of it except the right thing was done and people knew that this man and this congregation cared. My youth pastor said “am I my brothers keeper?” I thought he was referring to the specific scripture and I fumbled the answer but the Bible is clear from cover to cover what the answer is. Tom Lowe 
You missed the whole point of the article. It states that there are too many freeloaders burdening a well-intentioned system designed for the truly needy. It never says or even implies that needy people should not get help. What it says is that people who AREN’T needy are robbing the system. Stan522 
I agree with you. Government sustenance programs are over burdened. However, over burdening is inevitable. Since government defines “success” only when they can increase their budget, and/or getting as many people reliant on it, you will always grow a program of free-loaders. By definition, this will always happen. 
Now, we have politicians openly feeding people with guilt for not putting up with supporting these ridiculous programs. They equate charitable “giving” of your money to private support programs to you supporting government taking your money and creating a program. They are not the same thing. Government will ALWAYS be more inefficient. Gary2 
am I my brothers keeper 
That passage is not in Michaels and the other “Christians” on this site. Stan522 
Gubamint programs are not supposed to make you rich. They are intended to keep you captive into a low level of sustenance where politicians can get you to keep voting for them as they play the system and put you into a voting block that will ensure their continued candidacy. That goes for ANY program: 
Home Mortgage Interest Deduction Hope or Lifetime Learning Tax Credit Student Loans Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit Earned Income Tax Credit Food Stamps (did I miss any–?) 
None of these will provide people with what they need. All they will do is get you hooked just like a crack addict. Tell you friend to break away from government handouts and find their own way to success. It’s inside of every single one of us. It’s God given and we just need to unleash it. Stan522 
I believe we are at that point where there may be more takers than givers in our society. The politician’s are now so open about how if you vote for them, they will give “you” free stuff. This “safety net” and how politicians have leveraged it into voting blocks has destroyed our country. Their political greed (power and money) has enticed the weak to become weaker by accepting these bribes. It’s immoral and should be illegal to destroy the drive for success, self-reliance, and determination out of American’s. Michelle 
You have no idea just how much that hit home. God bless you jox 
Very unfair and disappointing article! You talk about a pitiful state of things in America, and suddenly, without justification, you equates it with a “European-style socialist welfare” that destroys your nation “socially and financially”. Even worse, you end with that picture, which has NOTHING to do with the content of the article. 
If you don’t like socialism, OK, let’s discuss it with arguments. But this method of picking something that you don’t like and associate it somehow with the socialism is very unfair and not appropriate for your otherwise brilliant articles. It is exactly the same as when the far left blames any problem in the world on America and capitalism. 
And, by the way, let me inform you that some of the more “socially and economically” advanced and prosperous countries in the world are European and socialists (or social-democrats, if this word exists in English). You are going to have a hard time finding arguments against the ethics and politics of those countries, which are a model for everybody. Tom Lowe 
Everyone but Europe knows that Europe are the biggest freeloaders in the entire world. 
The biggest. Tom Lowe 
In fact, Europe is nothing but a whole subcontinent wholly dedicated to freeloading off of the rest of the world, and has been for centuries now. Gary2 
Michael is becoming an idological right wing warrior where facts are whatever he hears on fox. He can no longer think for him self. This crap was probably transcribed from rush pill head bimbo show. DownWithLibs 
I see you have even more screws loose than you did before. So sad…we pity you!!!! knightowl77 
Well they are not a model that I would like to emulate. We’ll see where they are in 3 to 5 years, but I do not ever think I will support Gov’ts taking from one group to provide to another…. 
That is not the role of any gov’t that I would care to be subject to….you can keep it… Barn Cat 
A lot of government jobs are necessary jobs. A lot of those people are incredibly arrogant. They think they’re God because they work for the government. I saw that when I worked for the Census and my superiors had to deal with people who worked for the Department of Commerce. But those people are nothing compared to God. Bobby 
the line at 2:14 applies here… Bernadette 
Every time I read something like this it makes my blood boil. It’s this mindset which is making me fight tooth and nail to get my SSI which I worked most of my life paying into. I’m dissabled now. I have a list of illnesses longer than my left arm, and SSI has denied me and now I have to try to find a way to drive 200 miles away to go to some court hearing. You people seem to think it’s so easy to get gov help when you need it. It’s NOT! I’ve been trying to get my SSI benefits since 2009 when I finally became too sick to work. I worked for years with my illnesses, but they got too bad for me to manage in 2009 and I just couldn’t do it any more. Bernadette 
BTW I would much rather be able to get up and go to work everyday like I used to. I miss working, it’s ridiculous to think that people who were created to create and work would rather sit and be sick, just so that they could get a few hundred dollars every month for free. Talk about socialism, that was Hitler’s mind set “Let the strong survive and the weak go to the wall” That’s why I can’t believe there are so many Believers who are against public assistance. The Church is supposed to take care of sick people like me, not the gov. The Church isn’t supposed to be robbing old ladies of their SS, there supposed to be caring for them. And Christians certainly shouldn’t be complaining about services to assist sick and old people. Oh well it will all come out of the wash when JESUS gets back. Even so Please come quickly Lord JESUS. Cinderella Man 
Bernadette, I woundnt be mad at you for getting SSI its perfectly healthy young teenagers and 20 somethings that say they have “depression” or “bi-polar” and get to sit around and goof off all day while the rest of us foot the bill. BTW the reason that most people are depressed is because your govt. is tyrranical and you are materialistic!! Tom Lowe 
EXACTLY!! 
And then there are all the phony 420 patients, PTSD phantoms, pain pill puppies, and more! Gary2 
most 90% Christians are hypoctrites to the max. All one need do is read this site for proof of that. Stan522 
They will be left behind…….. Another Richard 
No, you are wrong. All 90% Christians are hypocrites. Only 100% Christians are Truely Christian. Another news flash for you buster – Only God can see the heart of any person and He alone Knows the True from the Hypocrite. So, quit wasting your energy trying to pick who is and who isn’t a True Christian,because it is useless. Examine your own life and relationship to God is the best thing you could do for yourself and others. Ozmo 
Thank you so much for that post. It would do well for everyone to live by this. Just my 2 cents Stan522 
Isn’t that just like government…. create programs with big promises, make it near impossible to attain, move the goal posts mid game (extending the qualifying years out farther and farther), then steal from it, bankrupt it and then pander to the voting block of retirees and near retirees to garner more votes for the ones who bastardized it in the first place. 
Our problem is “we” keep believing these SOB’s every time they speak. Be wary of ANY politician coming up with a gubamint program that takes care of “us”. Besides, there isn’t enough to live on once you get it. I would have rather kept my own money for the 40+ years (and still going) instead of giving it to the ripoff artists. 
My beef is not with you who worked their whole life and believed the promises of politicians. My issue is with bastard (redundant) politicians that make false promises and then leverage votes promising more free “stuff”. They all can go straight to hell…… mondobeyondo 
Remember that scene in the movie “Titanic”, where Jack asks Rose to hold onto her hand as the ship sinks? 
“You jump, I jump!” No, wrong scene! It’s the scene where the ship is taking the final plunge to the bottom. The undertow would have sucked anyone near the ship under water. 
The USA is the Titanic. The people abusing the system, depend on the U.S. government for their survival. They will be dragged underwater. (Some of them already are. “Underwater mortgages”.. wink, wink!) And they will suck everyone else under along with them. Chris 
In the pyramid of wealth that could describe the population you would have parasites at the very top and at the bottom. At the very top the 1% also live a parasitic existence. I mean people like bankers/ CEOs and others who produce nothing and get rich by scamming those below and basically living a parasitic existence on those that actually do work, the middle of the pyramid. Under the middle there is a large population of an underclass some of whom are genuine hardworking people and some who game the system. The middle supports the lower and the upper parts of the pyramid. A host can only support a certain amount of its energy going to a parasite living on it. Too much energy lost and too many parasites and the host will be killed. This stage must be getting close. Those at the top with their corruption and fraud and greed set the example for those below to follow. When faced with corruption at the top and indolence below the middle will lose heart, see it’s supporting a unjust system and may give up. CitizenS 
Been a Paramedic for 21 years now and I have continually see things worsening. People used to call for EMS when they or a loved one was sick, now it seems we’re just a ‘free’ taxi service. Sadly they don’t realize or care that while they are being hauled around someone may actually need our service. And even though they aren’t paying foir it…….. I AM!!! I’m all about giving a people a hand up, but I’m getting tired of a third of my pay going to buy them cell phone minutes and the like. I built my own house payday to payday and I own the land. My family and I are putting up feeder pigs and a calf and just broke the sod on 2 acres of ground for a garden. We have wind power when there’s a breeze and 3 underground springs on site. By all means let it collapse. Then these parasites will be forced to work!! Again Michael, good article. Michael 
They use you for a free taxi service? 
That is just sad. 
Michael CitizenS 
In this state (WV) an individual can activate EMS, not give a reason, and state which hospital they want to go to and we have to take them. They do not even have to give us there name if they so choose. We call it a ‘you call we haul’. And on top of that many use the non emergency ambulances because they don’t want to spend the money on gas or the bus to go to Dr. Visits and other non urgent medicals. I love my state and only wish that we and other states would reform our system. That by itself could save countless money and lives….. the optimist 
Oh Yay for you. Don’t you get it — you built your house paycheck to paycheck — there are millions of us out here who don’t have the paycheck! And we don’t because of the CEO parasites and 1% parasites who are all about churning and grabbing money over jobs. Outsourcing, golden parachutes, whatever, the jobs are gone and they aren’t coming back. 
Don’t be so grossly smug and superior. I just lost my house, which was my prepping homestead. I did all those homesteading things for years too, but without a good source of income, when my business failed 2 years ago, I lost it. DON’T think for a SINGLE SECOND that you are invulnerable and incapable of losing YOUR paycheck — YOU CAN LOSE IT ALL. 
Then maybe you’ll have a deeper understanding of reality. 
“Then these parasites will be forced to work!!” 
Hateful. Don’t you think “we” WANT to have jobs?? FOOL, hateful fool. Please read Karol’s comment below. The real parasites are at the top, in DC and in corporate boardrooms. CitizenS 
If smug and being a fool means harsh austerity @ home (eating ramen, bologna sandwiches, working by myself til 3 in the morning on my house then getting up to be @ work @ 0800 (in which I couldn’t even claim the $8000 tax credit because I didn’t borrow from the banksters), and scratching odd jobs on days off) is smug then I guess that shoe fits. Did I work the system? No. Do I live in the lap of luxury? No. Have I gone without to provide a roof and food for my family? Yes. Am I prepared for what is coming? I hope so. I feel for anyone that looses their job, I really do, I’ve been there before. My comment was not meant to be condescending towards anyone. But I will say this and its as timeless today as it ever has been……. Judge only a man after you have traveled in his footsteps. libertyin413 
In the interest of not repeating what others have said, I would just like to add that I don’t believe that we should have any of these government “benefits” or “safety nets” at all. The only thing the government can to is tax (read:steal) from producers and assist (read:redistribute) others. And it’s not just the “poor” receiving benefits/entitlement [sic], the connected elite get their welfare too. Government setting up these safety nets only exacerbates any problem that may have existed because now prices skyrocket as providers know any increase will be backed by the full faith and credit of the US Tax Payer; this hurts the very people the program was intended to help in the first place. All assistance should be done by private local charity as it was before. This way it is truly just a temporary helping hand when someone hits hard times and the organization/church can monitor for fraud. For the Progressives who claim this doesn’t work, we never read about having to step over alternating piles of child prostitutes and dying old people in the street as you tried to make your way to your sweatshop job. The standard of living was increasing like history has never seen before when people were allowed to keep the fruits of their own labor (a one income household could support 5-6 people, children were being better educated, new cars & appliances, etc…). Now under the Progressive model the standard of living is decreasing drastically as once again everyone has to contribute to the household income and the need to hop on the safety net has reached unprecedented levels. Lastly, even if the producers are lucky enough to retain some of their earnings and try to defer some of it for later consumption, they are hit again with the hidden tax of inflation that destroys their wealth and actually decreases their purchasing power. All of this made possible through the criminal and malevolent actions of the Federal Reserve. Karol 
Hi Michael, Thank you for writing such honest and informative articles. I no longer watch the news or read the local papers because it is mostly all rubbish. Your website is fascinating and I have recommended your site to all my friends and family. No body likes a lazy cheat who games the system for a living, but I am fed up with the parasitical Wall Street Fat Cats, the Politicians, the criminals in D.C. And the 1%, who having been gaming the system for decades at our expense. These rich crooks have stolen billions from the American people, far more than the food stamp family ever will in a life time. BofA paid no federal tax in 2010 and got a billion dollar rebate as well, and I read that they paid no federal tax in 2011 either. When companies that make billions of dollars and give out millions of dollars in bonuses every year don’t pay federal or state tax then the tax payer is robbed. On a local level police and fire stations are affected, schools too. Bridges and roads aren’t being repaired. These parasites send their children to the best schools, they vacation all over the world, own multiple homes with tennis courts and pools, multiple cars and jets, they get to eat the best food, probably cooked by the in-house chef, they have housekeepers and nannies, they have the best health care money can buy, I could go on and on. Disney, a multi-billionaire company, got welfare for a fireworks display and multi-millionaire Sam Donaldson got welfare for mohair. Really! Our schools suck, minimum wage adjusted to inflation should be $22.50 an hour, people are getting screwed out of time-and-a-half, over-time, vacation time, their pensions, health care, etc. And if you work you are lucky if you can get 20 hours a week! Wage theft is the best way for the 1% to steal from the 99%. Most people are so Ignorant they don’t even realize they are being robbed. I worked for the 1% in a private club in Boston, they docked my paycheck for 3 weeks of work. I am a poor single mother, and the richest people felt the need to steal 3 weeks of my wages. Wow! I couldn’t afford to work for free so I had to quit. Do I begrudge the obese, lazy, and unmotivated for scamming the system? Not really. Especially since there ain’t a Benz or a Jag in their driveway, no lawn service for their patch of grass, or a maid to clean up after their sub-par, high-fructose, hydrogenated, sodium laced, junk food dinners, and if they get fuel assistance to keep warm while eating their food-stamp dinner and watching Judge Judy, then good for them. Michael 
Karol: 
Yes, I have written many articles about the corruption of the banksters and the elite as well. 
I am definitely not on their side. 
Michael Mr. G 
You are largely right, Karol. Many people who are not doing well would do far better if they were dishonest. 
That’s what bothers me about the US today – no real earned privilege, just lots and lots of unearned, unfair big cash going to some fat-cats who are RUINING THE COUNTRY at the same time they are getting all that money! I mean, they could at least do a good job for all that cash. I don’t think they even try, really. 
Good luck! Jimmy 
Once citizens find out that they can vote themselves MONEY (i.e. the democratic party and has already occured) the system is heading straight to hell and is destined for failure. kHRIStu4 
To honestly fix problems like this we need free energy. It is possible, just held up by corporations(owned by bankers) who own the government. Its all about control. This is one more thing added to the list to divide people and keep them docile. 
Its a long movie (about 2hr). Some stuff may be way out there but have an opened mind. It describes the “food chain” of banks, corporations, governments and people as well. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEV5AFFcZ-s grandpa 
These parasites you speak of live from the miniscule turds dispersed by the leeches that thrive on 95% of the oxygen you burn… so now we have rich vs poor. black vs white,, and gov vs god… someday people may get the balls to reverse the genocide being played upon us all.. Corey Lewis 
WOW! What a great article! Loved it! My ex-wife has been one of these friggin parasites for 15 years and doing her best to raise my kids in that lifestyle…over my dead and rotting body I say. People who have never worked hard or refuse to work hard do not deserve to have residency in this country. Put them all on a boat and ship them off. I’ll even pilot the boat. Rick 
I know of at least one parasite in particular that lived off my older sister for many years. After she finally divorced the leach, he’s now on government subsistence. These type of people all have one thing in common; they just are not employable. Stan522 
…..and the rest of them have government jobs…. have you ever been to the DMV–? Nobody Special 
The Low-Income Gasoline Assistance Program Act was introduced in 2005. Fortunately, it hasn’t gone anywhere since then. 
Don’t mention it – let’s not give them the idea to revive it. Mike S. 
When a person loses their job the first thing you do is apply for unemployment. After that runs out and your savings run out and your food runs out and you have kids. Do you honestly think the government will let you live off dehydrated food that is on the shelf in the basement? You will be on foodstamps and medicaid or they WILL take your kids! If you can’t show proof of income, regardless of my house paid for and enough money(at the time)to pay my bills for another year. The first time you take you kids to E.R. for something it opens up a whole crap of worms if you don’t have insurence. Just for stitches from a bike accident I now have my kids on Medicaid and foodstamps. I try to be positive about the government waste and use all they give on foodstamps to restock my shelves for the next go around. I will be pleased to answer any questions about my situation, even negative ones. I get on this site daily and this is my first comment. Michael 
You make some very good points there. 
Michael Tom Lowe 
You are not the person we are talking about. We are talking about lots of fully able bodied people who not only scam for all the gummint benefits but who also work in the underground economy year in and year out. tex 
Yeah you hypocrites are always talking about some other person- not the person in front of you who has real need. 
Yes there are abusers- but in my experience most people would rather work for their money walking to work over broken glass than jump through all of the hoops the bureaucracy demands for their meager pittance. 
The fact is that the US economy is in the toilet and the sheeple are going to let Romney flush it. There are not enough jobs, not even in the cash economy. $6 to $10 an hour jobs won’t pay the rent and feed a man’s kids. 
When there is no alternative, people will work the government system to eat or they will turn to crime or justice in the streets- and there are not enough guns in this country to turn that tide once it starts. 
I think it is time quit with the rhetoric and get real- or it is all going to end very badly for us all. mondobeyondo 
I forgot about the kids aspect of the situation (I do not have children). 
Whoa… talk about growing up fast! Children in these dire situations don’t need to ask what a “budget” is. erheault 
As we wander down the road to total automation in our industrys the need for middle and lower semi skilled labor will dwindle and the unemployed and the unable to work will multiply we will face a revolt as all other nation in the past and present have or now undergoing, How this will work out is unknown but it will happen to us, it dont matter who is president or in congress. no nation or country in history has survived by devaluing their monies or massive unemployment which is where we are heading, Enjot the ride as it will be historic to say the least. Bryan 
it’s simple people our nation has gotten so far from God that we are reaping what we are sowing it’s only a matter of time before the Lord Jesus Christ returns the mark of the beast is coming! don’t be here for it after seeing how the U.S.A has mare debt than most of the european countries alone and look what is happening to them only a matter of time…how much only The Lord knows wheter you believe or not it is amazing to see prophecy being fullfilled right in front of our eyes who will fix this huge world financial mess!!! read revelations chapter 13 turn your hearts to God while will still live in this age of grace! monk 
Cut down on spending. Donald Wilson 
The bums who live like vultures living off the system will crash and burn one day. Later.We Tom Lowe 
I’m a landlord in a lower middle class neighborhood, and down to 105 lb from 135 lb in 2007 for lack of food and time to cook it. There is almost nothing but professional freeloaders for as far as the eye can see from here. I could tell all of you stories about freeloaders that would make your blood boil right off. My only hope is that the gummint finally stops issuing the by-now absurd freeloader checks and benefits and sends all of the professional freeloaders to Camp FEMA, right next to the bankster criminals and right where they all belong until they get off their dead butts and start doing something for themselves. And I don’t mean maybe! Cinderella Man 
My goodness man!! You need to bulk up on protien powders and high fructose corn syrup immedietly!! 105?? Thats skinny!! no offense. Tom Lowe 
It’s scary. I’m surrounded by a sea of human sinkers. That means I have to do everything for myself and half of what they need done for themselves. There’s just not enough time or money to eat well enough–especially after all the coffee, cigs, feeding several spoilt cats, and whatever else I might decide to indulge in, like several hours of reading blog comments. 
OK–so ya caught me! !!!! Eva 
Yup, it’s not a good time for jobs or growth or prosperity and it won’t be until we get rid of the man in the Oval Office and replace him with someone who takes creating a business-friendly environment seriously. And returning Congress to baseline budgeting. They haven’t been since the 1974 Budget Reform Act, which adds 10% annually to each federal budget regardless of necessity and I hardly need add regardless of federal revenue. sharonsj 
Articles like this piss me off. Right-wingers like to blame anybody who is struggling to survive–but they never attack corporate welfare. 
ExxonMobil earned $5 billion a year for the past four years and not only paid no tax but got a tax refund! Corporations get away with murder and rob us blind, but their execs are not in prison, are they? But let some guy steal food from a grocer cause he can’t afford to buy meat and he lands in jail. 
I don’t know why I remain amazed at the stupidity of the American public to swallow Republican talking points, but I am. If you folks don’t learn how to look up facts on your computers, instead of being yes men, you’ll help the Repubs steal what’s left of the country. Michael 
I have written quite a bit about the corporations that pay no taxes and about all of the corporate welfare that takes place. 
Michael Gary2