1. I am taxed $100. 2. The government uses my $100 to pay down the debt to China. 3. China uses this $100 to buy a product from my company. 4. My company is taxed on this sale. 5. The government takes that tax money and gives it to China, again, etc., etc., etc. bob Tom Dennen 
SOME BROAD NOTES ON THE HISTORY OF MONEY (Without the complicated detail). by Tom Dennen, author of ‘Grand Theft, Planet or Heidi’s Free Bar & Grill’– (free on the Internet). Most of this is probably deliberately scattered all over the Internet, and, if one just looks around a bit, people like me can pretend we have connected some dots. (There is, incidentally, nothing in here about the role Switzerland played in the years under scrutiny.) BUT: *Study the ancient goldsmiths’ discovery of fractional lending and usury. *Read Book Six of Tacitus’“Annals of Rome”. *Read “The Great Reckoning” by James Dale Davidson and William Rees-Mogg. *Consider the fact that you spend twenty of the most productive years of your life paying off a mortgage (deathcage) bond. *Wake up. This might help:“Apocalypse” is a Greek word meaning “the lifting of the veil between you and God,” (or Knowledge or Reality).“The modern banking system manufactures money out of nothing. The process is perhaps the most astounding piece of sleight of hand that was ever invented. Banking was conceived in inequity and born in sin … Bankers own the earth. Take it away from them but leave them the power to create money, and, with a flick of a pen, they will create enough money to buy it back again … Take this great power away from them and all great fortunes like mine will disappear, for then this would be a better and happier world to live in … But, if you want to continue to be the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery, then let bankers continue to create money and control credit. ” Sir Josiah Stamp, director of the Bank of England and the second richest man in Britain in the 1920s, speaking at the University of Texas in 1927.“In a dark time, the eye begins to see,” Theodore Roethke.“CAPITALISM IS A SYSTEM THROUGH WHICH WEALTH IS REGULARLY TRANSFERED (STOLEN) FROM THOSE WHO CREATE IT TO THOSE WHO ARE ALREADY WEALTHY, WHILE THOSE WHO CREATE IT ARE KEPT UNAWARE OF THE THEFT BY ‘THE MATRIX’”– t.d.“All wealth is created by work.”– Adam Smith. It’s becoming clear to many more people every day how the ‘matrix’– the system – works, and how the Internet is the leaky bucket out of which the truth (Apocalypse) is flying and the leaks – like Ellen Brown, Rense, What Really hAPPENED ET AL, are hopefully out of control. Since the early goldsmiths discovered fractional (reserve) banking, (created money out of thin air) and introduced predatory lending, they have been thrown out of every courntry they set up in, after which those countries returned to resource-based economies and went through several decades of economic recovery. Until the sixteenth century, in Holland. Then and there, when the goldsmiths were discovered plying their usurious debt / lending system, the already wealthy government and merchant classes simply joined them in the first full “collusion among corporatocracy, authoritarian government, controlled media and education.”– Fascism. (Global Research). Add bankers to that conspiracy and you have the recipe for the last three hundred years of fiscal theft through market manipulation by ‘The Establishment’, The ‘Elite’, the ‘Illuminati’ or the “Rothschild Family’, take your pick, but once government was in on the scam, the wealth that the lower and middle classes created by work was harvested every fifty years or so. Holland was, I believe, the site of the first experiment in money market manipulation by this collusion of classes.‘Tulip Mania’ is regarded as seriously silly season stuff among some debunkers, but which today is also a generic for an ‘out-of-control’ Bull Market. The thing is, it was for keeps.‘Tulip Mania’ is a controlled boom situation; controlled by those who run the Great Wealth Shift every generation, starting with the South Sea Bubble crash in 1720. This set of conclusions is largely gathered from a monetary history according to James Dale Davidson and William Rees-Mogg: Every fifty years or so since the South Sea Crash, financial markets have peaked – and exactly nine years later, crashed – followed by a depression during which, bracketed by expensive wars, vast amounts of properties have been foreclosed and the ‘masters’ transfered huge amounts of the wealth accumulated by the working class –“all wealth is created by work” (Adam Smith) – who were left to starve. Just like today. THE SHIFT IN WORLD ECONOMIC PREDOMINANCE“All long-term credit cycles end with asset crashes in the markets of the leading economy. Measuring from crash to crash the dates of the modern credit cycles are as follows:”(starting with the South Sea Bubble) Span Duration 1873 – 1929 56 years 1929 – 1990 61 years“The crashes and resulting depressions appear to be less intense and traumatic when the end of the cycle does not coincide with a shift in world economic predominance.”– The Great Reckoning, James Dale Davidson & William Rees-Mogg, 1993. Recent benchmarks are Common Cause: 1907 Financial Panic 1913 The privately-owned American Federal Reserve (FED) System Created 1929 The Great Depression – (Nice work, FED and Benjamin Shalom B. is returned to office!!) 1933 Theodore Roosevelt’s Executive Order 6102 outlaws owning gold 1934 Gold Reserve Act freezes gold at $35 per ounce 1971 United States abandons gold standard 1974 U.S. citizens allowed to own gold 2009 Gold exceeds $1100 per ounce The depression following the 1990 crash is fully upon us and the consequences are global because we are in the middle of the biggest shift in world economic predominance. We will not see the end of it for a long while – all we will see are futile reports of the transfer of huge amounts of money to the banking cartels and hear their stories of ‘green shoots’ and ‘recovery’. Until people are back to work there is no recovery. The essence of fiscal control is not race, religion or nationality but just a passion for control over other humans. SOVEREIGN MONEY Both Lincoln and Kennedy were assassinated after introducing sovereign currencies, which were quickly removed from circulation after the killings. What happened to Schwartzenegger’s IOUs? They were de facto sovereign currency paid back on maturity by the state at a 3.75% interest. (It took the entire western world including Russia, incidentally, to crush Hitler who had also introduced sovereign money against the web of banking debt). When the directors of the Bank of England asked what was responsible for the booming economy of the young American colonies, Benjamin Franklin explained that the colonial governments issued their own money, which they both lent and spent into the economy:“In the Colonies,” he said, “we issue our own paper money. It is called ‘Colonial Scrip.’ We issue it in proper proportion to make the goods pass easily from the producers to the consumers. In this manner, creating ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power and we have no interest to pay to no one. You see, a legitimate government can both spend and lend money into circulation, while banks can only lend significant amounts of their promissory bank notes, for they can neither give away nor spend but a tiny fraction of the money the people need.“Thus, when your bankers here in England place money in circulation, there is always a debt principal to be returned and usury to be paid. The result is that you have always too little credit in circulation to give the workers full employment. You do not have too many workers, you have too little money in circulation, and that which circulates, all bears the endless burden of unpayable debt and usury.” (Wikipedia) One of the most significant – and Apocalyptic – leaks is Ellen Brown’s book, ‘Web of Debt’ along with the Global Warming lies now out in the open. The Bilderbergs / governments / banks / merchants / landowners / fake scientists / Big Pharma and the rest are now too big not to fail at keeping their secrets. Solution? This will set us free: Return to resource-based economies. Do not borrow unless it’s from a state, county, city or people-owned bank that does not charge interest. Gather together and itemize all the resources of your community and learn to barter. Keep your wealth to yourselves. – you created it. Above all, don’t listen to snake oil salesmen like Obummer and Al Bore who are just stealing while callously killing your children for money. (Optional: http://whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/grandtheft.php ) THE BUSINESS OF BANKERS IS WAR, SO:“I am as intolerant of imperialistic designs on the part of other nations as I was of such designs on the part of Germany. The choice is between two ideals; on the one hand, the ideal of democracy, which represents the rights of free peoples everywhere to govern themselves, and, the ideal of imperialism which seeks to dominate by force and unjust power, an ideal which is by no means dead and which is earnestly [sought] in many quarters still.” U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, July 1919“Fight and kill the disbelievers wherever you find them, take them captive, harass them, lie in wait and ambush them using every stratagem of war.” The Qur’an (9:5), Islam’s holy book“We are fighting them (the terrorists) over there so that we won’t have to fight them here at home.” Former U.S. President George W. Bush.“I, like any head of state, reserve the right to act unilaterally if necessary to defend my nation.” U.S. President Barack Obama, December 10, 2009“When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest…and there is nothing to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war.” Plato, ancient Greek philosopher (428/427-348/347 B.C.) Truthteller 
Ken, have checked out the IVAMU site. What happens if this ‘golden paper money’ is burnt to extract its gold content in the way that gold coins used to be ‘clipped’, which was the reason why gold coins gave way to coins of base metal content? 
(There may be a solution contained in Thunderhawk’s views in this forum: http://www.democracyforum.co.uk/economy/70530-can-we-live-without-money.html ) 
One word: velocity Glenn Peters 
This article articulates the money supply methodology using fiat currency fairly well, but it omits the one aspect that all such criticisms do: time. It is disingenuous to mis-match securities to day zero. Asking for every dollar loaned over widely varying periods of maturity to be immediately returned is nonsensical. To put it in microeconomic terms, an individual on a $50k salary who borrows $200k, will pay about ~$1.4k per month over 25 years @ 7% pa. Were the borrower asked to repay the entire sum TODAY does that mean the borrower is insolvent? No. The borrower has 25 years of income, which if NPV’d at a 7% discount rate, shows the borrower is quite solvent. If these data sets for US debt are to be put in their correct perspective, GDP must be summed for the same period at the debt, or its average maturity. To present the debt as a fraction of one year’s GDP only is just bad math. Yes, I’m an economist, and yes I used to work for a bank 
Depressed and now have a headache before starting my day, thank you! great post. web ether-net ideas