1. Eliminating the Fed is not going to happen. JFK tried and look where he ended up. 2. Ever since government stopped guaranteeing $$$$ with gold – $$$ have no real value, its just paper with very nice pictures.(the value is based on believe, good faith, call it what you want) 3. The debt national debt vs.currency in circulation/treasuries/etc everything is connected/ the amount of currency + fed % rates moderate inflation/ but at the end it doesn’t really matter/ money is created on the computer screens now, and we see printed currency only in the evens like bailout (which by the way wasn’t the first one, probably not the last either)The rest is being recycled.. 4. Catch-22 – congress is a bunch of puppets directed by the corporate sponsors (donations, donations, donations) or otherwise purchased just like in the mall. 5.IVAMU???? is this a joke idea? the only sensible and logical thing to do would be denationalization of money – anyone interested in what it is – read DENATIONALIZATION OF MONEY -ARGUMENT REFINED BY F.A. HAYEK. (as to practicality it would have to be applied, like every theory, but it makes sense) 6. To control society you don’t need debt – but ignorance, and fear factor (but there is no 50K to win) 7. someone mentioned WWIII on the discussion board, “i wonder where would it take place this time” because last two did not touch USA (oh yeah Pearl Harbor)could prevent it, but there had to be some excuse just like 9/11. 8. dont have this one 9. i like to see both side of the stick, and i would really like to see the other one…. 10. Ups i did it again, 1913, 1920-30,1984 ups 1987, 2007-09-…ongoing. craps 2012 pt. 6 web ether-net ideas 
o just remembered nr.8 – global warming – or should i say climate change – or should i say natural change scientifically proven. I think i remember reading something about orbital changes and distance that the earth changes – similarly to 4 seasons Jemolina 
If you lend a cup of sugar you expect to get back something more than the cup of sugar, to make up for the fact that you’ve incurred a cost in going without the sugar and risked it never being returned. 
Money is not required for repaying debt, so the premise of the article is bunk. Suppose the debt is to China, for the supply of a billion t-shirts, 200 million microwave ovens, etc. To repay the debt the US has to create a billion t-shirts, 200 million microwave ovens etc (plus interest) more than it consumes. The important bit is that the debtor’s production must be more than its consumption. 
Now introduce money into the equation and start from zero cash in the US. The US has assets such as mining rights, so they can sell something to a dollar holder for cash. The cash can be used to repay debt, or it can be invested in productive activities which generate a profit. The tipping point for a country being or not being able to repay its debt is not related to the money supply. What you need to look at is the relationship between productivity, consumption, assets, debt and interest rates. Current and future generations of Americans need to (a) produce more than they consume to make up for the past generations which consumed more than they produced. Or they can (b) reject the inequitable system and default. Or they can (c) embrace the inequitable system and use the world’s largest military and most brainwashed population to go on a global pillaging spree in the name of freedom. My money’s not on (a). 
Remember, when a debt is repaid with money it is the debt which disappears, not the money. The money continues to circulate so a penny can pay off an infinite amount of debt. Trent 
Lol barts a moron, sound like he gets his “information” from mainstream media. Like listening to an exact recording of the “news” on national tv. Wake up FOOL, youve been had! Greg 
One major flaw in the argument. Your right on how the money supply works and expands, but your forgetting that money is still just pieces of paper floating around. They really do not have value. Our goods and services are what really has value. How would it be mathematically impossible to pay back our debt with our goods and services when our debt has not yet even reached the dollar amount of all goods and services we produce in 1 year. Not even one year worth of our goods and services (GDP) would be needed to pay the debt back. We have had much higher debt in the past comparably. This is if you actually look at our debt compared to GDP. This is like you would look at your own debt compared to your income in your household. If my debt was equal to my income this year, I might be very worried, but it’s not the end of the world. jos boersema 
Hi, the founding fathers of the USA also said (iirc) that the people needed to be educated. For ppl (like me) who are not professionally in banking the money issue (in full) can seem complicated. I think that for sufficient political oversight #1 thing for a new system must be simplicity. Only what is simple people can understand, only what people can understand they can inspect, police & keep righteous. 
What do you think of this system: a Gov issued fiat, legal tender law, fit for debt, and taxes payed in it. Now the money will work as money in exchange. Then a central gov owned bank as the infrastructural backbone, with collective accounts for banks (privacy from gov). Retail account & savings account services banks who are prohibited to lend out a single dime (inspected by gov), by law prohibited to lend anything. Then a separate mortgage & consumer credit sector, also heavily policed by gov. By law nobody can resell a loan to a third party. Then a third sector which handles business upstart & expansion credit, these investments are in the form of plain loans and can neither be traded to third parties. 
It is my understanding that this third sector has to be dominated by political will of the people, to prevent that sector from growing up those tiranical and corrupt corporations the USA founding fathers may have talked about. 
The money would then be spend into circulation and taxed out of it, the government never lends a single coin from anyone (only taxes). As a rule the (next) government never pays back loans, so that future govs won`t be able to get credit either … 
I`d say this is simple, what people expect too. To round it off: international businesses are prohibited henceforth, and politics rules on import/export tariffs to protect its markets and industries out of long term self interest (at a cost to global economic effeciency). This program also requires the government to be a faithful true democracy …… 
Is this something, if not why ? I personally don`t believe in gold / silver money that much. (Sorry to post such a long comment.) Bud Selig 
The reason the status quo exists is because of ignorance. Politicians, Bankers and the “Elite” rule because the sheeple can’t grasp what is going on and are complacent slaves oblivious to puppeteers manipulations. Our “Leaders” in this country are only in control of the destiny of our nation to the extent that they are allowed. If the sheeple were able to peek behind the curtain the revolution would already be upon us. “taught” (in congress) and the president If the government is able to keep 
What we are seeing is the last and greatest betrayal of the American people. Next stop, serfdom. Margo 
Okay people, let me make this simple. CHINA owns us. Technically, at any moment, they can say – we want our money. And guess what? We can’t pay it. You know HOW we can pay it back though? Obviously not with our money…. (it’s worth nothing) We don’t have enough gold. But we do have real estate…. Yep, they can collect our collateral… Our precious land. And guess what else? The Chinese are COMMUNIST. SO, I guess our freedom IS for sale– Is there ANYONE out there with ANY kind of economic sense? Because this Congress and this administration are KILLING us (or at least SELLING us!) TimJowers 
Josh, The money is owed to yourself and other Americans. Social Security money has been wasted and effectively funded Wall Street Bonuses this year and last year. Same for other liabilities (medicare!). So, when you portend the money will not be paid back then you are correct. The only problem is the losers are working Americans. Not Billionaires. Not Congress persons. Not the FED or their posse for sure! Fractional banking is a simple system to steal from those who produce value and give to those who control the printing press. Very simple. Very effective. (BTW, the legal limit in the UK is 666 fake credit bubble pounds to every actual pound on deposit. At least one bank made it up to 66 to 1 in 2008.) Big M 
The debt is phony, and the people of this country didn’t sign anything agreeing to pay off loans that didn’t go to them. 
Each state legislature should immediately declare its independence from the brothel in DC, confiscate every military base within its borders (they paid for them, didn’t they?), start their own state banks, COIN their own money, and tell the criminals in DC to pound sand. The CONstitution isn’t legally binding on ANYBODY, and never has been, which means that the criminal syndicate calling itself the federal government has neither legitimacy nor legal authority. TimJowers 
Here’s how I see it: Fractional banking is a simple way to steal from those who work. For every $1 you earn from working, they print $1 or so for themselves; so, no matter how hard you work, you will never get ahead. 
Josh, Its actually worse than you portend. The theft is from each American in the way of Social Security, Medicare, etc. That money has been stolen and is gone. 
“Fractional banking” is criminal. It is a way for those who do not work to reward themselves and take from others. Imagine if you offered auto insurance to all your friends and neighbors. What if one had a wreck and asked you to pay? How is this any different than what AIG did? The difference is they control the government and can take from the taxpayers. You cannot. The same for the FED. Imagine if you borrowed money from all of your friends and family to the point you borrowed $10,000 but you only really had $100. Well, that’s fractional banking. To make it worse, imagine if you never even had the $100 in the first place but your brother had given you an IOU for it – even though he himself was broke! That’s how the Federal Reserve Banking System works. Its a simple con job on trusting Americans. And it has destroyed the USA. 
(The legal limit in the UK is 666 to 1. One banks was leverage 66 to 1 in 2008. They are all probably higher now since the derivatives markets are back in the stratosphere.) TimJowers 
Glenn Peters, 
Do you have any idea what GDP is? Step out of the box and think about it for a minute! GDP is a measure of “tax ability” NOT productiveness. I’m sure you know how its components but others should look it up. Its good for a laugh and a cry. Anyone who quotes GDP as having any meaning to value of a country’s workforce and value of th country’s working people is either brainwashed, on the take, or ignorant of the facts. Mockan 
The Elites “solution” to this problem was always for the Elites to move their financial operations to countries that still have wealth not yet appropriated, formally dissolve the USA Constitution, dissolve USA sovereignty, and make the US military the official enforcement arm of the United Nations (that is what Elites in control of the UN have wanted to protect “their” wealth, and prevent any other countries from threatening their power and control). The actual solution is going to be global rebellion against the Elites, denial of validity of all their ownership contracts, their apprehension, and execution. All assets will be returned. There will probably be some form of globalization, but not run by criminal organizations. Spencer 
I believe there was a president who went against the norm and began printing U.S Notes – but he was killed soon after. 
I’d say what’s missing from the article is that the US debt (including unfunded liabilities) is over 100 Trillion. Like the Romans, they promised much more then the state could deliver to their overly vast military and other government run organizations. 
Though I don’t know how much I disagree with fractional reserve. Lending permits new companies to exist, you might even say that the west is so well developed because of its lending system…..but that’s just a thought, not a statement Spencer 
strike last comment – he addressed unfunded liabilities in an update Ted 
Thank you Obama, Pelosi, Reid, et al for further adding to the debt by their socialist system of entitlement PBS 
Cash in circulation can exceed debt/credit. Yes. How? whn people start putting more money under the matresses and not in Bank Sleuth51 
What is the value of real estate owned by the government? How much of that could be sold and leased back to cut the debt by, say, 60%? There must be all kinds of hidden assets that the Ruling Class don’t want us to know about. What if we cut our defense budget to $100 billion a year, cut all foreign aid… daydreaming. What a bunch of crocs we have in Congress. Go Green, Recycle Congress. SERFDOM Or FREEDOM. wayne 
The federal reserve did not lend us any money. They lent us paper. Pay them back with reams of paper. If their paper is worth something just because they say it is then so is ours. They aren’t God; they’re just a bank. Jim Hatfield 
Here’s some solutions and suggestions: