17 2 0 1
In last issue of Black Agenda Report, I argued that readers should vote for the Green Party this November. This week, I will outline what to expect from a Hillary Clinton Presidency. The great migration of Republicans into the Democratic Party tent of Hillary Clinton has guaranteed her victory in the highly undemocratic US Presidential elections. Corporate media outlets have collaborated with Clinton to instill deep popular fear of a Trump administration. Fear of Trump has been used to distract the many millions of people in the US who are fed up with both corporate parties. This has led to a lack of investigation and analysis of what can be expected once Hillary Clinton actually takes office.
The corporate media has exploited the general population's distaste for sexism and white supremacy in the process. Trump has made heinous statement after heinous statement, all of which should be taken seriously by anyone who calls themselves a movement activist. It is critical that the left in the US extend solidarity to those who experience the consequences of racism and sexism every day. However, Trump's vile character has been used as a means to legitimize the candidacy of Hillary Clinton. His characterization as a fascist has convinced many that his rule would be a greater danger to humanity than a Clinton Presidency.
One could endlessly debate Clinton supporters on the validity of such a claim. Trump's vulgar and putrid presentation has provided Clinton supporters with a convenient weapon of defense against all criticism of their own vile choice. Yet the lesser evil argument has never been weaker than in the 2016 elections. It is reasonable to assume that a Hillary Clinton Presidency will be far less effective than Obama in effecting capitalist and imperialist hegemony. This is why her support system, the entire ruling class, has gone into overdrive to spread fear of a Russia-Trump collaborative threat in every sphere of US political life.
Here are ten things to expect from a Clinton Presidency. I will leave it to readers to judge as to whether Clinton represents a ""lesser evil"" than Trump or just plain evil.