16430,Leaky Cellar 101: What You Need To Know,Lisa Tanner,"Lisa Tanner October 27, 2016 Leaky Cellar 101: What You Need To Know 
Cellars can be an ideal location for storing your emergency supplies, and especially your food. Located underground, cellars take advantage of insulation from the Earth. This helps prevent your supplies from freezing in the winter. 
Your survival cellar is also out of sight for your household visitors, so you won’t be advertising your stores for everyone. Whether you’re building a cellar , or using a crawlspace or cellar that’s already under your house, they’re very useful. 
But, cellars can have a humidity problem. Because leaks can spring up, it’s easy to get too much moisture inside. That’s what we need to solve. 
Problems with a Leaky Cellar 
Too much water in your cellar can cause a variety of problems. The humidity can easily cause your food and paper goods to develop mold. It’ll make your cans rust. Both issues will severely impact the shelf life of your stores. 
If your cellar is under your house, water damage can eventually lead to structural issues. This can lead to your house’s integrity being compromised. The wood your house is built from isn’t meant to be continually wet. 
Additionally, unpleasant odors are common in damp cellars. If your cellar lacks ventilation, these odors will become more noticeable and can lead to allergic reactions and health problems. 
Signs of a Water Leakage 
Since signs of water damage can be subtle, you may not realize at first that there’s a problem in your cellar. You probably won’t find standing water across the floor. Instead, you’ll notice signs like these: A musty odor A white, chalk-like powder on the walls Cracks in the walls or floor Condensation on windows Water stains on the walls or floor 
Once you discover signs of moisture, it’s important to investigate further. If you are unsure if the water is seeping into your cellar from the outside, or condensing from the inside, you can perform a simple test. 
Take a piece of aluminum foil and cut it to a 2-foot by 2-foot square. Using duct tape around the edges, tape the foil to your wall. 
The next day, examine the foil. Is there water on the side facing out? If so, it’s a sign that your water is coming from inside. 
If not, take down the foil and feel the side that was facing out. Water on this side indicates you have a seepage problem. 
Where Is the Water Coming From? 
Cellar leaks from internal and external sources can come from a variety of places. It’s important to give the entire space an inspection. Here are some common causes of a leaky cellar: Ground Water 
If you’ve had an unusually amount of precipitation, your cellar could be the collection point for the excess groundwater. Ground water can also be a problem during spring runoff times. 
The water will have to find its way into your cellar, so be on the lookout for cracks in the walls or on the floor. Leaking Water Pipes 
Check your water pipes for leaks. This can include outdoor spigots. One year ours sprung a leak underground and the only reason we knew was because of the water leaking into our basement. Sprinklers 
Are you watering too close to your cellar? A misaimed sprinkler can send unwanted water into your cellar. Gutters 
If you have gutters meant to bring the water away from your home, check and make sure they’re working properly. A clogged gutter can lead to water in the cellar. 
A lack of gutters can cause a similar problem. It’s important to have a way for the excess water to be channeled away from your cellar. Trees or Bushes Too Close 
Is there vegetation growing right next to your cellar? If so, the root systems can allow water to work its way inside. Drainage Conditions Around the Cellar 
What’s the ground like around your cellar? Does the soil absorb water, or let it run freely? Is the grade of the land forcing water away from the area? 
Taking a few minutes to inspect your cellar and the land around it can help you pinpoint the source of your leak. 
8 Steps to Prevent a Leaky Cellar 
There are a few simple ways to prevent leaks in your cellar. If you don’t yet have a moisture issue, these steps will help reduce the risk.