16788,Can Trump Deliver What Obama Didn’t? “People Wanted Major Change In 2008… They Still Want It”,Contributing Author,"
This article was written by Michael Krieger and originally published at his Liberty Blitzkrieg site . 
Editor’s Comment: At the heart of things, Americans are fed up with the economic state of affairs, and with the political/financial corruption that brought us to that point. Though political philosophies differ greatly, there was a huge populist movement behind Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump both. There are millions and millions of people who want nothing more than to clean house in Washington, stop the people who are shafting them, and be left alone to enjoy their lives. 
People feel so strongly about this that they have been overwhelmingly willing to support completely unknown and fresh faces (like Obama was in 2008), politically inexperienced (like Trump) and politically ostracized figures in the margins of the existing government (like Bernie or Ron Paul). Donald Trump has the opportunity to embody this sentiment of the people and be a great president. As Michael notes in this article, Obama had that same opportunity, but proved to be a tool of the elite, and a puppet for Wall Street, et al. 
Will Trump prove to be a tool of the elites as well? It is simply too early to say. In the best case scenario, he could break ties with the controllers for the sake of his own legacy and the American people and actually take an honest shot at downsizing the mess of Washington’s mismanaged control over our lives… Its a Herculean task, but if he attracts some/any of the right people, it may be possible. Let’s hope so… 
Americans Roll the Dice With President Donald Trump 
by Michael Krieger
The forgotten men and roomen of our country will be forgotten no longer. 
– President elect Donald Trump in his victory speech 
They said it couldn’t happen, but those of us who have been intimately studying what’s been going on since the financial crisis knew he could win. So here we are, in the midst of a historical populist revolt that brought a man who has never held public office to the Presidency.
I have so many thoughts to share, putting them down in a coherent manner within a single post is going to be a real challenge. As such, I’ve decided to separate this piece into sections. Let’s start with the following.
What Happened? 
This one’s pretty easy. In Monday’s post, Final Thoughts on the U.S. Presidential Election , I wrote:
The bigger question is, who do I think will win? On that question, I don’t have a strong opinion at the moment. Ultimately, it depends on whether Americans go into the voting booth and see status quo vs. blowing up the status quo, or if they see Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton. If they see the former, odds are in Trump’s favor. If they see the latter, it’s a matter of which personality Americans find least repulsive. 
It turns out enough Americans saw the election as a referendum on the status quo to propel him to victory. We know it wasn’t because people liked him personally, they just wanted to (understandably) blow up the establishment. So why am I so confident of this?
Let’s take a look at some of the following reported by the AP :
There were grim strains woven into voter sentiments as they cast their ballots. 
Nearly 7 in 10 voters said they were unhappy with the way the government is working, including a quarter who were outright angry. 
Six in 10 voters said the country is seriously on the wrong track and about the same number said the economy was either not good or poor. 
Two-thirds saw their personal financial situation as either worse or the same as it was four years ago. One in three voters said they expect life to be worse for the next generation. 
Americans held their noses as they picked between the candidates: More than half of voters cast their ballots with reservations about their candidate or because they disliked the others running. 
That was true both for those backing Trump and those supporting Clinton, the exit polls showed. 
After a long, hard-fought campaign, just 4 out of 10 voters strongly favored their candidate. 
Moreover, how about this from Reuters :
Americans who had cast their votes for the next president early on Tuesday appeared to be worried about the direction of the country, and were looking for a “strong leader who can take the country back from the rich and powerful,” according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll. 
Again, none of this is surprising to those of us who are aware of the ever increasing levels of theft, corruption and fraud now endemic to the U.S. economy. Indeed, the man who should have been the Democratic nominee for President laid it out perfectly all the way back in July 2015 when he tweeted:
I think the discontent of the American people is far, far greater than the pundits understand.
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 8, 2015 

The driving force behind Trump’s victory wasn’t racism, homophobia or sexism. This is a country that elected a black man President twice in a row. The driving force was desperation, economic angst, hopelessness, and more than anything else, a deep hatred for the U.S. status quo. As Trump accurately described the voters who put him over the top, they are “ the forgotten men and women.” 
A Historic Opportunity 
Donald Trump has a historic opportunity to be a great President. Barack Obama was presented with a similar opportunity eight years ago and he immediately squandered it by surrounding himself with miserable, status quo economic and foreign policy insiders. He ditched the people who believed in him and voted for him, and in doing so cemented his legacy as that of a man who coddled oligarchs, kept banking criminals out of jail and further incinerated the Middle East. He’ll also be seen as the man whose tremendous disappointments as commander-in-chief led to the emergence and elevation of Donald Trump.
People wanted major change in 2008 and they didn’t get it. They still want it. The only big question now is whether or not Trump will deliver, and whether it will be unifying change as opposed to more surveillance, militarization of police, torture, attacks on civil liberties, etc. Since Trump has a clear authoritarian streak, he runs the risk of going down the wrong path. However, that path will lead to only one thing; an even more broken America and another failed Presidency.
I was never able to personally get behind Trump, in large part due to the above concerns, as well as the fact that he’s a big government, centralization type of guy, and that’s not the kind of government I support. That said, I want this country to thrive and I want Trump to succeed. Indeed, we need him to succeed.
As such, I’m going to take advantage of the opportunity he presented to his critics during his victory speech in order to outline what I think he needs to do to make America great.
Let’s start with the facts and a simple admission: Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. This is a clear signal that at least half the country doesn’t like him, and a large number of them, are in fact, terrified of him. Unless you’re an aspiring mob boss, you don’t want half the population to feel this way about you. So what should Trump do?
I think he needs to focus on creating a consensus amongst the American people around issues at least 80% of us can agree on. In my Final Thoughts piece, I outlined five of them:
Rather than dwelling on the differences between these two populist movements (Sanders and Trump), let’s consider some of the areas where they overlap.