17590,Shocking: Top 100 Bombshell Wikileak Emails Revealed So Far…,MIchael DePinto,"https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/5688 
""Bernie and his people have been bitching about super delegates and the huge percentage that have come out for Hillary… We want [Bernie supporters] to go home happy and enthusiastic in working their asses off for Hillary. Why not throw Bernie a bone . . . his people will think they've ""won"" something from the Party Establishment. And it functionally doesn't make any difference anyway. They win. We don't lose. Everyone is happy."" 
“I am doing the opposite, repeatedly writing friendly and positive pieces about Bernie as an HRC supporter, and when the time is right I will have money in the bank with him and his people as a liberal to urge them to come out in force to vote for HRC.” 
""Frankly I thought it was dumb for McCaskill and Gutierrez to be attacking Bernie. We are going to need his voters to turn out in November for HRC, he won’t be nominated.” 
""Through internal discussions, we concluded that it was in our interest to: 1) limit the number of debates (and the number in each state); 2) start the debates as late as possible; 3) keep debates out of the busy window between February 1 and February 27, 2016 (Iowa to South Carolina); 4) create a schedule that would allow the later debates to be cancelled if the race is for practical purposes over.” 
The MostDamagingWikileaks.com Reports : 
The person who wrote the superdelegate rules advises the Clinton Campaign how to create an illusion that Bernie people won something so they would work hard for Hillary after she is nominated. More shocking is the fact that they admit that the superdelegates are undemocratic. This guy flat out admitted that he rigged the system, and is proud of it. 
There was also a man who was acting as a mole for Bernie and writing positive/negative things about him then using that reputation to sway Bernie supporters to Hillary. 
Lastly, we see how to rig the debate schedule to be more favorable to her. One on one debates would have been better for Bernie Sanders, so they wanted to avoid that at all costs. They also wanted to limit the number of debates, and start them late to minimize the impact of the debates. 
Hillary is also on audio insulting Bernie supporters by calling them "" basement dwellers "".