17. Hillary was hateful, neglectful, above the law, “contemptuous” to her security detail, and “blatantly disregarded” security, (FBI docs) 
https://vault.fbi.gov/hillary-r.-clinton/hillary-r.-clinton-part-04-of-04/view (p. 43-45) 
“CLINTON frequently and “blatantly” disregarded [security and diplomatic protocols].” 
“This frequently resulted in complaints by ambassadors who were insulted and embarrassed by this breach of protocol… CLINTON’s protocol breaches were well known throughout Diplomatic Security and were “abundant.”” 
“…ABEDIN possessed “much more power” over CLINTON’s staff and schedule than other former chiefs of staff… was often responsible for overriding security and diplomatic protocols on behalf of CLINTON.” 
“…Clinton disregarded security and diplomatic protocols, occasionally without regard for the safety of her staff and protection detail, in order to gain favorable press.” 
“…traveling to Palestine, CLINTON ordered the limousine driver… to open the window while in “occupied territory”, referring to a dangerous area of the West Bank. [He] initially declined to respond to CLINTON’s request; however, repeated demands by CLINTON forced him to open his window despite the danger to himself and the occupants.” 
“CLINTON’s treatment of DS agents on her protective detail was so contemptuous that many of them sought reassignment or employment elsewhere… it was difficult to find senior agents willing to work with her.” 
The MostDamagingWikileaks.com Reports : 
Look at the first link (highlights all the parts). Seriously, there are way too many to include in the quotes… just a sheer and utter lack of care for protocol, security, and the well being of others. This is the person who people want to be in charge of national security and classified documents. 
Another scary note in this list is the mention of Huma Abedin, Hillary’s long time assistant, possessing “much more power” and overriding security and protocol on Hillary’s behalf. Abedin has been strongly rumored to be Hillary’s Chief of Staff should she be elected. She also has strong ties to the Muslim Brotherhood .