10 “ You are Israel’s teacher ,” said Jesus, “ and do you not understand these things ?11 Very truly I tell you, we speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony. 12 I have spoken to you of earthly things and you do not believe; how then will you believe if I speak of heavenly things?
Jesus taught the uninitiated Nicodemus, “Ye must be born again” (John 3:7) and made it clear that only by being born again can you see the Kingdom of God, let alone enter it.
If the new Born Again body is the same as the body of the angels, it means Jesus taught that, in order to enter the Kingdom of God (the celestial Sion), we must be “born again”… into our Rainbow Resurrection Body. We receive this body by following him.
THE PERFECT BODY AND THE EYE OF THE NEEDLE TO THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN As I take a look around Christendom, I don’t see too many Christians following, teaching, or demonstrating Jesus’s light body or perfection teachings.
You can’t blame or judge them for that. Just google the words “star body” or “perfect body” and see what comes up in our contemporary imagination!

As Jesus lamented, even Nicodemus, a religious leader of his day, had no concept of what it meant to be born again or to attain the perfect body!
We find that the very same thing is true today. Many men and women who fill positions of spiritual leadership in our world have no real understanding of the light body or born again experience.
Consequently, the term “born again” is one of the most (mis) used phrases among present-day Christians.
Like the new age conception of “ascension”, if asked what the term born again means, most Christians likely could not give a clear explanation.
We can see what Jesus was up against when, in his rebirth / resurrection, Jesus enacted or demonstrated the Essene perfection teaching of the transmutation of the earthly body into a heavenly body composed of celestial flesh. Christians would call this the plan of salvation and argue that Jesus authored this plan during his crucifixion, entombment/resurrection and ascension. The problem is the “how to” build the light body from this plan has been veiled in Christianity. Fortunately, the Essene teachings in the Dead Sea Scrolls unveil these teachings for us.
Jesus spoke of perfection numerous times. In particular, in a conversation with a rich man about eternal life.
The man had asked Jesus, “What is required for eternal life?”
Jesus replied, “keep the commandments.”
Which are: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind. This is the first and greatest commandment. And the second is like unto it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’ All the law and the prophets hang on these two commandments.” (Matthew 22:35-40)
The rich man told Jesus that he had always kept the commandments and wanted to know what else was required (like how much $?).
Jesus says, “… I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven. Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven .”
The camel is a symbol of the human body and the material cargo the soul accumulates during is sojourn on earth. Jesus is telling the rich man that his earthly, material being and all that it collects on earth will have to be left behind or transmuted into a celestial substance. In other words, the flesh and blood body will not make it through the portal to the otherworldly realms spoken of by Jesus, but a soul clad in a light body or Garment of Glory can and will. Jesus is simply saying that our ‘stuff’ is not going with us when we enter the eye of the needle to the Kingdom of God.
Jesus then told him, and here is the Essene Rainbow Light Body teaching, and the ‘punch line’ of this blog, “ If thou wilt be perfect (holy, whole, complete), go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me” (Mat. 19:21).
In other words, Jesus is telling the rich man that if attains the perfect light body, and is “born again”, he has found earth’s greatest treasure. He then can follow him through the eye of the needle (or stargate) into the Kingdom of God where perfected humans dwell in bodies of light.
Jesus in the ‘eye of needle’, a gateway filled with stars. He wears the bright white garment of light that symbolizes the Perfect Body.
JESUS LIFTS THE SERPENT AND TELLS US HOW TO ATTAIN THE GARMENT OF LIGHT
Jesus told us how we will transform and attain eternal life in his further remarks in John 3: