2085,"FBI, CIA, NYPD Officials Set To Drop The Hammer: Video Evidence Of “Bill Clinton and Six Government Officials Taking Part In Sexual Acts With Minors” To Be Released Before Election",Mac Slavo,"
The 2016 Presidential election about to get even crazier.
Earlier this week Joe Joseph reported that recent Wikileaks point to the Clinton family having ties to a child porn abduction ring in Haiti. On top of that, emails appear to confirm that both Bill and Hillary Clinton previously joined convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein at his “sex slave island,” with Fox News having confirmed that Former President Bill Clinton flew with Epstein on his private jet at least 20 times. As Fox News notes, the plane was outfitted with a bed where travellers would often engage in group sex.
The evidence of criminal activity identified via Anthony Wiener’s laptop is so damning that the NYPD was preparing arrest warrants for a number of Clinton campaign officials. A Brietbart report indicates that the investigation was stifled earlier this week by the Justice Department after “huge pushback.”
And while the Obama administration and liberal mainstream news sources are doing everything in their power to keep the thousands of Wikileak revelations at bay, according to a developing story from the Gatway Pundit , it will be impossible for them to contain the fallout from what comes next.
As early as this weekend we could see the most explosive email, video and photographic evidence yet. According to members of the hacking collective Anonymous, 4Chan, and Hillary State Department target Kim Dotcom, a government insider has provided undeniable evidence that Bill Clinton and six other government officials engaged in sexual acts with minors.
Kim Dotcom, apparently privvy to the evidence, posted a series of Tweets this as highlighted by The Daily Sheeple :
There’s unpublished material, yet to come out. Clinton is in serious trouble.
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 1, 2016 

With the last one coming Friday evening:
The end is near @HillaryClinton 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 5, 2016 

It appears Dotcom’s Tweet was in reference to a 4Chan post archived at The Free Republic which indcates in no uncertain terms that a government official has the evidence that confirms Bill Clinton is indeed a sexual predator:

Until this month, Wikileaks and Anonymous have worked together in building an efficient, detailed, comprehensive set of documents that would be responsible for the incarceration of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, and 21 individuals ranging from the DNC, FBI, CIA, and Clinton foundation. These documents will show without a doubt, evidence of Treason, Obstruction of Justice, Election Fraud, Manipulation and Bribery. 
This was intended to be the October surprise. But before the release of these documents, we were contacted by a member of the FBI, as well as another from the CIA, and a week later by the NYPD . All with information retaining to something much darker than we ever imagined.
Due to the nature of these leaks, we all worked together as efficiently as possible to ensure two objectives:
1.) That all necessary information would be given to the public in an organized, searchable, manageable way.