19567,Re: John Bolton Warns That Obama May Divide The Land Of Israel At The UN Before The Inauguration,GayVet ;),"Michael’s Latest Video John Bolton Warns That Obama May Divide The Land Of Israel At The UN Before The Inauguration   20th, 2016 
Is Barack Obama about to make the most catastrophic decision of his entire presidency? Former UN Ambassador John Bolton is warning that there is “a lot of speculation” over at UN headquarters right now about “resolutions that recognize a Palestinian state or that try and set a boundary for Israel based on the 1967 ceasefire lines”. Of course this would have to happen before the inauguration of Donald Trump on January 20th , because Trump has already made it quite clear that he will not support any UN resolution of such nature. Knowing that Trump is about to take office, advocates of the “two state solution” are putting an immense amount of pressure on Obama to support a UN Security Council resolution that would permanently divide the land of Israel while he is still in the White House, and at this moment we do not know what Barack Obama’s final decision will be. 
Most Americans have no idea that this drama is playing out behind the scenes, but those in the know are very much aware of what is happening. The Wall Street Journal recently published an article entitled “ Obama’s Israel Surprise? ” that discussed the possibility of Obama supporting a UN Security Council resolution that would permanently divide the land of Israel, and the New York Times editorial board has formally endorsed such a resolution. 
The rest of the UN Security Council is ready to agree to such a resolution, and at this point the only obstacle is getting Barack Obama’s approval. That is why it was so exceedingly alarming to wake up on Sunday morning and read former UN Ambassador John Bolton’s very chilling warning about what could soon happen at the UN. The following comes from an article on the website of The Hill … 
Former United Nations Ambassador John Bolton warned Sunday that President Obama should not take any actions before leaving office that could hurt Israel at the U.N. 
Bolton said during an interview with radio host John Catsimatidis that there is “a lot of speculation over in Turtle Bay at U.N. headquarters about resolutions that recognize a Palestinian state or that try and set a boundary for Israel based on the 1967 ceasefire lines.” 
“I think that’d be very inadvisable for the president to do that,” he said. 
John Bolton is still very tied in to the international community, and Donald Trump is reportedly actively considering asking him to serve as Secretary of State. 
Needless to say, I would take what he is saying very, very seriously. 
So what would this potential UN Security Council resolution look like? 
Well, it would likely accomplish three historic things…