19703,Brooks Koepka Wins First Major at U.S. Open - Breitbart,Daniel Redmond,"ERIN, Wis. —  Brooks Koepka proved too big, too strong, and too tough for both the course and his competitors, firing a final round 67 to run away with the 2017 U. S. Open. [Koepka overpowered the lengthy Erin Hills track and separated himself from the field after birdieing holes 14, 15, and 16. After that thunder strike, it was a coronation for a player who is living up to high expectations placed on him since he turned professional. The biggest disappointment was the lack of drama over the closing holes as early in the day it looked like it would be a photo finish among numerous golfers.  From the start, Koepka imposed his will on the course birdieing the first two holes to take a lead he would never relinquish. His drove long and straight and his approach shots, when tracked by the Fox shot tracker, seemed to align with the digital pin position. His accuracy and distance was a sight to behold. A   All American at Florida State, Koepka took the unusual route of starting his career on the European tour. After a couple of victories in Europe, he won his first title on the PGA tour with a win at the 2015 Waste Management Open. Koepka flew under the radar coming into the championship, with most prognosticators picking the other American big hitter in Dustin Johnson. Koepka put together four solid rounds of 67, 70, 68, and 67 to tie the lowest score ever in the U. S. Open at   par.   favorite Rickie Fowler again failed to score when he needed it most. Reminiscent of the 2014 PGA and 2017 Masters, Fowler just never got his round going and bogeys on 12 and 15 put him out of contention. When Rickie wins one, there will be a big celebration because so many people are rooting for him. Brian Harman hung in there for 13 holes before being run over by the Koepka freight train. Harmon had relied on precision ball striking and pinpoint putting, but that abandoned him on the back nine and he finished at an even par 72. Koepka was subdued when he sank the winning putt, giving only   fist bump. He seemed a little overwhelmed when being carted to the scoring area with girlfriend Jena Sims. In his champion’s interview with Curtis Strange, he opened up and talked about his mindset coming into Sunday and the most important golf round of his life. ““I felt like I was playing really good,” he noted. “Obviously, the wind picked up and I felt like that played right into my hands —  good   good putter. And I felt confident all week. So, to feel as confident as I did on a Sunday of a major and coming down the stretch was pretty neat. ” Koepka will not be a   wonder when it comes to winning big golf tournaments. In fact, this win could kickstart an excellent career. Brooks Koepka hits the ball too far and too straight to become an   on the PGA Tour. Look for big things to come from this big man.",0
19704,100 Notable Books of 2016 - The New York Times,nan,"The year’s notable fiction, poetry and nonfiction, selected by the editors of The New York Times Book Review. This list represents books reviewed since Dec. 6, 2015, when we published our previous Notables list. ALL THAT MAN IS. By David Szalay. (Graywolf, $26.) Szalay writes with voluptuous authority about masculinity under duress in this novel in stories. ANOTHER BROOKLYN. By Jacqueline Woodson. (  $22. 99.) Girlhood and the   of its memory are the subjects of this intense, moving novel, Woodson’s first for adults (she is a Newbery Honor winner) in years. THE ASSOCIATION OF SMALL BOMBS. By Karan Mahajan. (Viking, $26.) Mahajan’s smart, devastating novel traces the fallout over time of a terrorist attack at a market in Delhi. BARKSKINS. By Annie Proulx. (Scribner, $32.) Tracing two families and their part in the destruction of the world’s forests, Proulx’s latest novel is a tale of   shortsighted greed. BEFORE THE FALL. By Noah Hawley. (Grand Central, $26.) A   crash leads to a media firestorm in Hawley’s readable thrill ride of a novel. BEHOLD THE DREAMERS. By Imbolo Mbue. (Random House, $28.) In Mbue’s bighearted debut, set against the backdrop of the American financial crisis, a Cameroonian family makes a new life in Harlem. BLACK WATER. By Louise Doughty. (Sarah   Straus  Giroux, $26.) Expecting to be assassinated, the hero of this excellent novel grapples with guilt over his actions in Indonesia. CHILDREN OF THE NEW WORLD. By Alexander Weinstein. (Picador, paper, $16.) The terror that technology may rob us of authentic experience  —   that it may annihilate our very sense of self  —   is central to this debut collection of short stories. COLLECTED POEMS  . By Adrienne Rich. (Norton, $50.) Work from seven decades displays Rich’s evolution from careful   to free verse, and her embrace of lesbian feminism and radical politics. COMMONWEALTH. By Ann Patchett. (  $27. 99.) An engaging family portrait, tracing the lives of six stepsiblings over half a century. DO NOT SAY WE HAVE NOTHING. By Madeleine Thien. (Norton, $26. 95.) A   professor probes the mystery of her father’s life amid upheavals in China in this ambitious novel. DON’T LET MY BABY DO RODEO. By Boris Fishman. (  $26. 99.) A family from the former Soviet Union embarks on an American road trip in a novel that is a joy to read. END OF WATCH. By Stephen King. (Scribner, $30.) The gloriously fitting final installment of King’s trilogy featuring the retired police detective Bill Hodges is a big   romp. EVERYBODY’S FOOL. By Richard Russo. (Knopf, $27. 95.) This sequel to “Nobody’s Fool,” set 10 years later in the same upstate New York town, presents engaging characters and benign humor. THE FORTUNES. By Peter Ho Davies. (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $27.) This novel, a meditation on 150 years of the   experience, asks what it means to be a  . A GAMBLER’S ANATOMY. By Jonathan Lethem. (Doubleday, $27. 95.) A backgammon hustler with telepathic powers returns to Berkeley, Calif. for surgery in Lethem’s inventive 10th novel, the theme of which is remaining open to possibilities. THE GLOAMING. By Melanie Finn. (Two Dollar Radio, paper, $16. 99.) A woman tries to remake her life in Africa in Finn’s intricately plotted novel. GRIEF IS THE THING WITH FEATHERS. By Max Porter. (Graywolf, paper, $14.) A father and his sons struggle with a death in this luminous novel. HERE COMES THE SUN. By Nicole  . (Liveright, $26. 95.)  ’s tale of life in the impoverished neighborhoods of Montego Bay, Jamaica, sheds light on the island’s disenfranchised. HERE I AM. By Jonathan Safran Foer. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $28.) Private and public crises converge for four generations of a Jewish family in this ambitious, often brilliant novel, Foer’s third. HOMEGOING. By Yaa Gyasi. (Knopf, $26. 95.) This wonderful debut by a   novelist follows the shifting fortunes of the progeny of two half sisters, unknown to each other, in West Africa and America. Gyasi was one of the National Book Foundation’s 5 Under 35 honorees in 2016. HOT MILK. By Deborah Levy. (Bloomsbury, $26.) In Levy’s evocative novel, dense with symbolism, a woman struggles against her hypochondriacal mother to achieve her own identity. HOUSE OF LORDS AND COMMONS. By Ishion Hutchinson. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $23.) Exuberant work from a young   poet who looks to the island’s teeming life and fractured past. I MUST BE LIVING TWICE: New and Selected Poems,  . By Eileen Myles. (  $29. 99.) Charming and confounding poems from a provocative voice. IZA’S BALLAD. By Magda Szabo. Translated by George Szirtes. (New York Review, paper, $16. 95.) A meditative Hungarian novel about grief and history by the author of “The Door. ” LAROSE. By Louise Erdrich. (  $27. 99.) A man who accidentally killed his best friend’s son gives the man his own child in this powerful story about justice and forgiveness, set in and near a North Dakota Ojibwe reservation. THE  . By David Constantine. (Biblioasis, paper, $14. 95.) A widow immerses herself in the letters her late husband received from an earlier lover in Constantine’s lyrical novel. THE LITTLE RED CHAIRS. By Edna O’Brien. (Little, Brown, $27.) In her harrowing, boldly imagined novel, O’Brien both explores Irish provincial life and offers an unsettling fabulist vision. LOOK: Poems. By Solmaz Sharif. (Graywolf, paper, $16.) Sharif’s skillful debut collection draws on a Defense Department lexicon of military terms. THE MIRROR THIEF. By Martin Seay. (Melville House, $27. 95.) Linked narratives and various Venices reflect one another in this clever first novel. MISCHLING. By Affinity Konar. (Lee   Brown, $27.) Konar uses the unsettling and grievous history of Dr. Josef Mengele’s experiments on children, particularly twins, to riveting effect in her debut novel. MISTER MONKEY. By Francine Prose. (  $26. 99.) The dreadful revival of a musical based on a children’s novel about an orphaned chimp is observed through various points of view in this fresh, Chekhovian novel. MOONGLOW. By Michael Chabon. (  $28. 99.) In this beautifully written hybrid, a San Francisco writer named Mike presents a memoir about his grandparents, a World War II soldier and a Holocaust survivor. THE MORTIFICATIONS. By Derek Palacio. (Tim Duggan, $27.) This sweeping debut novel limns the exile and return of a   family. MY NAME IS LUCY BARTON. By Elizabeth Strout. (Random House, $26.) A writer and her estranged mother attempt to reconnect during a brief visit in a Pulitzer Prize winner’s exquisite novel of careful words and vibrating silences.   STORIES OF GOD. By Joy Williams. (Tin House, $19. 95.) This collection of   is a treasure trove of tiny wry masterpieces. THE NIX. By Nathan Hill. (Knopf, $27. 95.) In this entertaining debut novel, full of postmodern digressions, a young professor tries to write a biography of his political activist mother. THE NORTH WATER. By Ian McGuire. (Holt, $27.) In McGuire’s darkly brilliant novel, the crew of a doomed whaling ship bound for the Arctic Circle must reckon with fierce weather, pure evil, and the shadows of Melville and Conrad. NUTSHELL. By Ian McEwan. (Nan A.   $24. 95.) An unborn baby overhears his mother and her lover plotting to murder his father in McEwan’s compact, captivating novel. REPUTATIONS. By Juan Gabriel Vásquez. Translated by Anne McLean. (Riverhead, $25.) A slender but impactful Colombian novel about a political cartoonist who   his accusations against a politician. THE SPORT OF KINGS. By C. E. Morgan. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $27.) Three Kentucky dynasties  —   black, white and equine  —   converge in this vitally written if melodramatic novel. STILL HERE. By Lara Vapnyar. (Hogarth, $26.) In this   novel, four Russian friends try to make their way in New York. SWING TIME. By Zadie Smith. (Penguin Press, $27.) Two multiracial girls in North London dream of becoming dancers (one has talent, the other doesn’t) in Smith’s exuberant new novel about friendship, music, race and global politics. TODAY WILL BE DIFFERENT. By Maria Semple. (Little, Brown, $27.) In this brainy, seriously funny novel by the author of “Where’d You Go, Bernadette,” a Seattle woman confronts private school parents, a husband’s secret life and more. THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD. By Colson Whitehead. (Doubleday, $26. 95.) Whitehead’s   stunningly daring novel turns the historical freedom network from metaphor to reality, complete with tracks, locomotives and platforms. The winner of this year’s National Book Award for fiction. VALIANT GENTLEMEN. By Sabina Murray. (Grove, $27.) An audacious historical novel about the Irish revolutionary martyr Roger Casement. THE VEGETARIAN. By Han Kang. Translated by Deborah Smith. (Hogarth, $21.) This novella in three parts is both thriller and parable. The winner of the 2016 Man Booker International Prize. WAR AND TURPENTINE. By Stefan Hertmans. Translated by David McKay. (Pantheon, $26. 95.) A masterly novel about memory, art, love and war, based on the author’s grandfather’s notebooks. WEATHERING. By Lucy Wood. (Bloomsbury, $26.) This poetic debut novel, set in a damp house near a roaring river, explores the relationship between mothers and daughters. ZERO K. By Don DeLillo. (Scribner, $27.) In the   future of DeLillo’s moving, mysterious 16th novel, a man joins his billionaire father at a desert compound where people can be preserved forever. ALL THE SINGLE LADIES: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation. By Rebecca Traister. (Simon  Schuster, $27.) A deeply researched and   examination of the role of single women throughout history. AMERICAN HEIRESS: The Wild Saga of the Kidnapping, Crimes and Trial of Patty Hearst. By Jeffrey Toobin. (Doubleday, $28. 95.) In this riveting account, even the S. L. A. is shown some compassion. AT THE EXISTENTIALIST CAFÉ: Freedom, Being, and Apricot Cocktails. By Sarah Bakewell. (Other Press, $25.) A lucid joint portrait of the writers and philosophers who embodied existentialism. BLOOD AT THE ROOT: A Racial Cleansing in America. By Patrick Phillips. (Norton, $26. 95.) How a Georgia county drove out its black citizens in 1912 and remained   for 80 years: a   timely and important account. BLOOD IN THE WATER: The Attica Prison Uprising of 1971 and Its Legacy. By Heather Ann Thompson. (Pantheon, $35.) A masterly  —   and heartbreaking  —   history, based in part on new materials about the Attica prison uprising and its terrible aftermath. BORN TO RUN. By Bruce Springsteen. (Simon  Schuster, $32. 50.) Springsteen’s autobiography, explaining how he rose from Freehold, N. J. to international fame is both   and eloquent. CITY OF DREAMS: The   Epic History of Immigrant New York. By Tyler Anbinder. (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $35.) A richly textured guide to the past of the nation’s chief immigrant city. DARK MONEY: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right. By Jane Mayer. (Doubleday, $29. 95.) A formidable account of how the Koch brothers and their allies have bought their way to political power. THE DEFENDER: How the Legendary Black Newspaper Changed America From the Age of the Pullman Porters to the Age of Obama. By Ethan Michaeli. (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $32.) A powerful, elegant history of the influential paper. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT: The War Years and After. Volume Three:  . By Blanche Wiesen Cook. (Viking, $40.) The   conclusion of a monumental and inspirational biography. THE ENGLISH AND THEIR HISTORY. By Robert Tombs. (Knopf, $45.) A Cambridge historian’s clearsighted retelling of English history also analyzes how the English themselves have viewed their past. EVICTED: Poverty and Profit in the American City. By Matthew Desmond. (Crown, $28.) A sociologist shows what the lack of affordable housing means as he portrays the desperate lives of people who spend most of their incomes in rent. THE FACE OF BRITAIN: A History of the Nation Through Its Portraits. By Simon Schama. (Oxford University, $39. 95.) A splendid book to accompany a BBC series hosted by the eminently readable historian and art critic. FAR AND AWAY. REPORTING FROM THE BRINK OF CHANGE: Seven Continents,   Years. By Andrew Solomon. (Scribner, $30.) Some 30 travel pieces, in prose sparkling with insight, describe “places in the throes of transformation. ” FROM THE WAR ON POVERTY TO THE WAR ON CRIME: The Making of Mass Incarceration in America. By Elizabeth Hinton. (Harvard University, $29. 95.) A   study of the bipartisan embrace of punishment after the 1960s. THE GENE: An Intimate History. By Siddhartha Mukherjee. (Scribner, $32.) With scope and grandeur, the Pulitzer   author of “The Emperor of All Maladies” presents the history of the science of genetics and examines the philosophical questions it raises. GHETTO: The Invention of a Place, the History of an Idea. By Mitchell Duneier. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $28.) Duneier offers a stunningly detailed, timely survey of scholarly work on the topic. HERO OF THE EMPIRE: The Boer War, a Daring Escape and the Making of Winston Churchill. By Candice Millard. (Doubleday, $30.) Imperialism and courage are on display as Churchill fights the Boer War in Millard’s readable, enjoyable book. HIS FINAL BATTLE: The Last Months of Franklin Roosevelt. By Joseph Lelyveld. (Knopf, $30.) A gripping, deeply human account of Roosevelt’s last 16 months in office, when the president fought to create lasting global peace  —   despite having received a diagnosis of acute congestive heart failure. HITLER: Ascent  . By Volker Ullrich. Translated by Jefferson Chase. (Knopf, $40.) The first volume of a timely new biography focuses on Hitler the man, seeing him as a consummate tactician and an actor aware of his audience. HOW EVERYTHING BECAME WAR AND THE MILITARY BECAME EVERYTHING: Tales From the Pentagon. By Rosa Brooks. (Simon  Schuster, $29. 95.) A disturbing exploration of the erosion of boundaries between war and peace. HOW TO SURVIVE A PLAGUE: The Inside Story of How Citizens and Science Tamed AIDS. By David France. (Knopf, $30.) A remarkable account of how activists and patients won the funding that led to AIDS treatment from a reluctant government. I CONTAIN MULTITUDES: The Microbes Within Us and a Grander View of Life. By Ed Yong. (  $27. 99.) A science journalist’s first book is an excellent, vivid introduction to the   realm of our secret sharers. IN THE DARKROOM. By Susan Faludi. (  $32.) Faludi offers a rich and ultimately generous investigation of her   father, who suddenly contacted her from his home in Hungary after undergoing   surgery at the age of 76. IN GRATITUDE. By Jenny Diski. (Bloomsbury, $26.) In her final memoir before her death, Diski, who was   by Doris Lessing, examines the origin, and the close, of her life as a writer. AN IRON WIND: Europe Under Hitler. By Peter Fritzsche. (Basic, $29. 99.) A deep reflection about World War II’s moral challenges for civilians. LAB GIRL. By Hope Jahren. (Knopf, $26. 95.) A geobiologist with a literary bent makes her science both accessible and lyrical, and offers a gratifying and moving chronicle of the scientist’s life. THE LIMOUSINE LIBERAL: How an Incendiary Image United the Right and Fractured America. By Steve Fraser. (Basic Books, $27. 50.) An incisive history of a   metaphor and its effects. THE MAN WHO KNEW: The Life and Times of Alan Greenspan. By Sebastian Mallaby. (Penguin Press, $40.) This thorough account of the former Fed chairman’s rise depicts him as political to a fault. NEW ENGLAND BOUND: Slavery and Colonization in Early America. By Wendy Warren. (Liveright, $29. 95.) Warren enlivens her study of Northern slavery with new research and a fresh approach. ORSON WELLES. Volume 3:   Band. By Simon Callow. (Viking, $40.) Expertly and convincingly, Callow rejects the common disdain for Welles’s   career. THE PEOPLE AND THE BOOKS: 18 Classics of Jewish Literature. By Adam Kirsch. (Norton, $28. 95.) Detailed and lucid accounts of seminal texts highlight the variety of Jewish experience. PLAYING TO THE EDGE: American Intelligence in the Age of Terror. By Michael V. Hayden. (Penguin Press, $30.) The former C. I. A. director makes the case for   security measures. PRETENTIOUSNESS: Why It Matters. By Dan Fox. (Coffee House, paper, $15. 95.) A nimble case for pretentiousness as a willingness to take risks. PUMPKINFLOWERS: A Soldier’s Story. By Matti Friedman. (Algonquin, $25. 95.) Friedman has written a striking memoir about his stint in the Israeli Army in southern Lebanon in the 1990s. A RAGE FOR ORDER: The Middle East in Turmoil, From Tahrir Square to ISIS. By Robert F. Worth. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $26.) The story of the 2011 Arab Spring and its slide into autocracy and civil war, beautifully told by a veteran correspondent. THE RETURN: Fathers, Sons and the Land in Between. By Hisham Matar. (Random House, $26.) In this extraordinary    history, Matar describes his search for his father, who disappeared into a Libyan prison in 1990. THE RISE AND FALL OF AMERICAN GROWTH: The U. S. Standard of Living Since the Civil War. By Robert J. Gordon. (Princeton University, $39. 95.) An economic historian’s magisterial assessment of the past and future of American living standards. SECONDHAND TIME: The Last of the Soviets. By Svetlana Alexievich. Translated by Bela Shayevich. (Random House, $30.) The Nobel winner offers a powerful oral history of Russia,  . SHIRLEY JACKSON: A Rather Haunted Life. By Ruth Franklin. (Liveright, $35.) This thorough biography traces Jackson’s evolution as an artist and makes a case for her importance. SING FOR YOUR LIFE: A Story of Race, Music, and Family. By Daniel Bergner. (Lee   Brown, $28.) A portrait of Ryan Speedo Green, an   opera singer who overcame terrible childhood poverty and abuse. This season he has a lead role in the Metropolitan Opera’s “La Bohème. ” STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND: Anger and Mourning on the American Right. By Arlie Russell Hochschild. (New Press, $27. 95.) A Berkeley sociologist takes a generous but disconcerting look at Tea Party backers in Louisiana to explain the way many people in this country live now, often to the astonishment of everyone else. TRUEVINE. Two Brothers, a Kidnapping, and a Mother’s Quest: A True Story of the Jim Crow South. By Beth Macy. (Little, Brown, $28.) A riveting account of two albino   brothers who were exhibited in a circus. UNFORBIDDEN PLEASURES. By Adam Phillips. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $25.) Linked essays examine the idea that forbidden pleasures have a tendency to obscure the meaningfulness to our lives of the unforbidden ones. WEAPONS OF MATH DESTRUCTION: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy. By Cathy O’Neil. (Crown, $26.) A frightening look at the risks of the algorithms that regulate our lives, by a former hedge fund “quant” (she got her Ph. D. in math at Harvard) who became an Occupy Wall Street activist. WHEN BREATH BECOMES AIR. By Paul Kalanithi. (Random House, $25.) A brilliant young neurosurgeon reckons with the meaning of life and death when he learns he has advanced lung cancer a moving and courageous account. WHEN IN FRENCH: Love in a Second Language. By Lauren Collins. (Penguin Press, $27.) Collins, a New Yorker staff writer married to a Frenchman, writes a very personal memoir about love and language, shrewdly assessing how language affects our lives. WHITE RAGE: The Unspoken Truth of Our Racial Divide. By Carol Anderson. (Bloomsbury, $26.) A timely and urgent call to confront the forces opposed to black progress since the Civil War. WHITE TRASH: The   Untold History of Class in America. By Nancy Isenberg. (Viking, $28.) A masterly and ambitious cultural history of changing concepts of class and inferiority. YOU’LL GROW OUT OF IT. By Jessi Klein. (Grand Central, $26.) Humorous riffs on being a woman by Amy Schumer’s head writer.",0
19705,Lessons of Syria: Russia to Form a 'Superlight' Brigade Equipped With 'Technicals',nan,"Politics Lessons of Syria: Russia to Form a 'Superlight' Brigade Equipped With 'Technicals' 
Russian Ministry of Defense wants to take a UAZ pickup and strap on it a machine gun, a grenade launcher or anti-tank missiles and use them to conduct raids over open terrain Originally appeared at Russian Defense Policy 
Izvestiya reports that Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu is organizing some “superlight” army brigades. It’s an interesting turn given that his widely discredited predecessor Anatoliy Serdyukov also looked at forming light motorized rifle brigades based on wheeled vehicles. Perhaps the latter’s mistake was that the vehicles weren’t necessarily Russian-made. 
Shoygu’s “superlight” brigades will use the UAZ Patriot — either the SUV or Pickup variant. The SUV is referred to as a jeep at times. An earlier model — the Hunter — actually resembles a jeep. uaz-hunter.jpg UAZ Hunter 
The intent, reportedly based on Syrian combat experience, is for these “superlight” motorized rifle brigades to slip around or through heavier enemy forces to conduct raids at distances of several hundred kilometers. 
According to Izvestiya, the UAZ Patriot or Pickup is supposed to carry up to seven soldiers (a highly dubious proposition), their weapons and gear, as well as additional fuel, supplies, and ammo. It will be armed with either a 30-mm AGS-30 automatic grenade launcher or Kornet or Konkurs ATGMs, as well as a 12.7-mm Kord machine gun. The brigade’s mortar batteries are supposed to have 82-mm 2B14 Podnos mortars mounted on the UAZ vehicles. 
An MOD official familiar with the developments told Izvestiya the formation of the “superlight” brigades has begun, and they will appear “soon” in the Southern and Central MDs. They will have less personnel and equipment than traditional MRBs, but will be more mobile and maneuverable. The “superlight” brigades will also have one battalion in BTR-82s as well as artillery and MRL battalions. 
Izvestiya got a comment from Vladislav Shurygin: 
“These battalions are being developed from the experience of combat actions in Syria. In a day, the typical motorized rifle battalion equipped with armored personnel carriers or infantry fighting vehicles can complete a march of not more than100 km. But an MRB in the UAZ Patriot can go several hundred kilometers in a day. 
Moreover, acting in small groups, motorized rifle platoons and companies in pickups can slip through enemy forces and deliver quick strikes. But these battalions are only effective in desert, steppe, and semidesert terrain. In forests and forest-steppe, automobile-mounted infantry loses out to infantry in BMPs and BTRs in combat capability.” 
Izvestiya notes that, in 2009, Serdyukov put the 56th Independent Air-Assault Brigade in the UAZ Hunter, but the experiment was quickly abandoned. The MOD official says they were needed and worked well in the Volgograd steppe, but it was difficult to fit personnel and equipment in the Hunter. Soldiers, he said, sat cheek to cheek in very cramped conditions. That brigade returned to its venerable GAZ-66 trucks. 
The same problem is likely with the UAZ Patriot and Pickup. They look like four-seaters. 
This sounds like a sweet little deal for UAZ. It is part of the larger Sollers automobile manufacturing group, itself owned by Russian steel conglomerate Severstal. 
It’s odd there’s no photo of an UAZ Patriot or Pickup military prototype when the first “superlight” brigades are reportedly almost ready to appear. 
And there is also potential competition. The Military-Industrial Company (VPK) has its Tigr light armored vehicle with a 30-mm gun or Kornet or Konkurs ATGM launchers mounted. The Tigr, however, is a larger, heavier, and much more expensive vehicle. 
GAZ might make something comparable to the Patriot or Pickup. GAZ already makes the BTR-82. Like VPK, GAZ is owned ultimately by Oleg Deripaska. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",1
19706,"If Clinton Campaign Believes WikiLeaks Emails Are Forged, Why Don’t They Prove It!?",nan,"Elections 2016 
Top democrats have repeatedly waved off substantial questions arising from their hacked emails by falsely implying that some of them are forgeries created by Russian hackers. 
The problem with that is that no one has found a single case of anything forged among the information released from hacks of either Clinton campaign or Democratic Party officials. 

Clinton strategist Joel Benenson, asked about an email in which Clinton campaign staffers decide to accept foreign lobbyist money, used that line on MSNBC on Sunday. 
“These emails, we have no idea whether they’re authentic or not,” he said. “Or whether they’ve been tampered with. I know I’ve seen things that aren’t authentic, that we know aren’t authentic, and it’s not surprising.” 
Jennifer Granholm, a senior adviser to the pro-Clinton Super PAC Correct the Record, was asked by CNN’s Jake Tapper whether the Clinton campaign should be responding to revelations revealed by Wikileaks. 
“There are reports that these have been doctored,” she told Tapper on October 19. “And Newsweek had found that, in fact, that was happening.” 
In an interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on October 18, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., a ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, was asked if the Russian government would impact the election by hacking voting systems. 
“What worries me the most … is between now and the election the Russians dump information that is fabricated,” Schiff warned. “To get a last minute dump of emails that contain fabricated emails that are widely reported in the press, and there isn’t enough time to fact check and demonstrate the forgery, that is what really concerns me.” 
CNN host Wolf Blitzer pushed back, “But have you confirmed that any of these emails released over the past two weeks, if you will, by Wikileaks are fabricated or doctored?” 
“You know I’m not in a position to be able to do that,” Schiff demurred. 
Everything considered, the conclusion has to be that Wikileaks emails are probably authentic and if they weren’t they would have been disproven a long, long time ago. The question is if are you willing to vote for a person that (we saw in the emails) is capable of doing very, bad, dirty stuff. And if the answer is yes then this country has a BIG, BIG PROBLEM. If Clinton Campaign Believes WikiLeaks Emails Are Forged, Why Don’t They Prove It!? Share this: ",1
19707,Putin Ready To Restore Relations With US,Starkman,"Following Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election, Russian leader Vladimir Putin said that his country is ready and looking forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States. 
Via Yournewswire 
Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has also said that one of the first things the new US leader should do is reach out to Russian President to reset relations. He said anti-Russian sentiment in America has reached boiling point and was at its worst level since the Cold War. Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump on his victory, expressing hope that the two countries will continue collaborative work on international issues
“We heard [Trump’s] campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States,” President Putin said, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors’ letters of credentials in Moscow.
“We understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment,” he added. Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the president once again stressed that “it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.”
Earlier today, in a message to Donald Trump the Russian President expressed confidence that the dialogue between Moscow and Washington, in keeping with each other’s views, meets the interests of both Russia and the US.
The Russian leader noted in the message that he hopes to address some “burning issues that are currently on the international agenda, and search for effective responses to the challenges of the global security,” RIA Novosti reported.
On top of it, Putin has expressed confidence that “building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington, based on principles of equality, mutual respect and each other’s positions, meets the interests of the peoples of our countries and of the entire international community.”
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump’s victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington.
“The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said. “The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday.
A member of the Federation Council Committee on Defense and Security, Senator Aleksey Pushkov, has meanwhile noted that Hillary Clinton’s stake on the conflict with Russia has eventually done her a terrible disservice.
“[Playing the] ‘Russian card’ and portraying Putin as a bad guy did not help Clinton. On the contrary, staking on the conflict with Moscow has only caused fear, doing her a disservice,” he tweeted.
According to many observers, US-Russia relations are now at their lowest point since the Cold War. Putin has repeatedly noted that the worsening of Russia’s relations with the US “was not our choice,” however. For things to improve between Moscow and Washington, the US should first and foremost start acting like an equal partner and respect Russia’s interests rather than try to dictate terms, Putin said last month.
The US will have to negotiate with Russia on finding solutions to international issues as no state is now able to act alone, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said last week, adding that problems in bilateral relations began to mount long before the Ukrainian crisis broke out in 2014.
",1
19708,"‘This Is Not My Child’: JetBlue Flew 2 Boys to Wrong Cities, Mother Says - The New York Times",Christine Hauser,"It is any parent’s nightmare. Maribel Martinez of New York had arranged for her    son, Andy, to fly home unaccompanied on JetBlue from the Dominican Republic on Aug. 17. But when she went to pick him up at Kennedy International Airport, she got the shock of her life. Airline employees presented her with a boy who was clutching Andy’s passport and luggage. But he was not her child. “Is this your son?” Ms. Martinez said she was asked, according to news reports on Thursday. She replied, “No, this is not my child. ” Ms. Martinez, 38, told The Daily News, which initially reported the situation: “I thought he was kidnapped. I thought I would never see him again. ” The airline eventually found her son in Boston. JetBlue said it had put Andy on the wrong plane in a   with another child who had also flown out of the Dominican Republic. “It was a total three hours before she found out he was O. K. and wasn’t kidnapped,” Ms. Martinez’s lawyer, Sanford Rubenstein, said in an interview on Friday. Ms. Martinez said at a news conference that she had been on vacation with Andy in the Dominican Republic in July, but had to return to New York before he did. Her relatives took him to the airport in Santiago for his return flight. It was unclear what happened to the other boy. Joseph Pentangelo, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates J. F. K. said two uniformed officers stayed with him and airline personnel near the boarding gate until the child was put on a flight to Boston. In an emailed statement on Friday, JetBlue said that two unaccompanied children of the same age had been booked from Cibao International Airport in Santiago on separate planes: Flight 924 to Boston and Flight 436 to New York. But each child boarded a flight to the wrong destination, the airline said. “Upon learning of the error, our teams in J. F. K. and Boston immediately took steps to assist the children in reaching their correct destinations,” the statement said. “While the children were always under the care and supervision of JetBlue crew members, we realize this situation was distressing for the families. ” The airline added, “We are also reviewing the incident with our leadership and Santiago airport team to prevent similar situations from occurring in the future. ” JetBlue declined to make an official available to answer questions on Friday. But the airline said it had refunded the tickets and offered each family a credit toward future JetBlue flights. Ms. Martinez was given $475 for the cost of the ticket and $2, 100 for future travel, according to news reports. The Transportation Department, which oversees consumer protection issues, said that it had no regulations for travel by unaccompanied minors, but that it was up to the airlines to devise their own policies. Special procedures apply to children ages 5 to 11 who are flying alone, but they vary from airline to airline, the department said. JetBlue said children at least 5 but under 14 could travel alone on its planes, but only on nonstop flights, and for a $100 fee. Caitlin Harvey, a department spokeswoman, said the family might be able to pursue a civil action. “While we receive anecdotal reports about these types of incidents, we do not keep statistics on them,” she said in an email on Friday. Mr. Rubenstein said that he wanted an independent government agency to investigate before he decided on any litigation, and that he had sent the Federal Aviation Administration a letter asking them to look into the matter. “Any parent can understand the terrifying fear a mother goes through knowing that her child is missing,” he told The News.",0
19709,George And Laura Bush Celebrate Their 70th Birthdays | Daily Wire,nan,"George And Laura Bush Celebrate Their 70th Birthdays By: Hank Berrien October 26, 2016 
On Saturday, former president George W. Bush and former first lady Laura Bush celebrated their 70th birthdays together in Crawford, Texas. 
President Bush’s birthday was July 6, and Laura’s is on November 4. 
Some of the attendees included former commerce secretary Donald Evans, Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones, and Ross Perot Jr., the son of H. Ross Perot. George Strait performed, and sang “Happy Birthday,” per People. Typical of Bush’s down-home style, he wore jeans, a western-style shirt and a prominent belt buckle. 
The dinner included an avocado and grapefruit salad, Mesquite smoked peppered beef tenderloin, Southern fried catfish, roasted corn and poblano pudding, bourbon carrots, and cheddar and black pepper biscuits. The dessert was a Texas chocolate sheet cake. 
Bush also invited guests to his art studio at the ranch, dubbed Studio 43, where he works on his paintings. 
Laura Bush was working as a librarian in the Austin Independent School District when she met George in 1977; their friends Joe and Jan O'Neill invited them to a barbecue. They were married in November 1977 at the First United Methodist Church in Midland, where she had been baptized. She wore a tan, two-toned dress she had bought off the rack. 
George W. Bush later called his proposal to his wife the ""best decision of my life."" Laura, an only child, said she gained ""brothers and sisters and wonderful in-laws"" and made her feel part of the family. Tags ",1
19710,The Russian media just loves the campaign to demonize Putin,wmw_admin,"By wmw_admin on November 3, 2016 The Saker — The Saker.is Nov 3, 2016 Last May I wrote an article entitled Counter-propaganda, Russian style in which I explained that far from banning or censoring the western anti-Putin/anti-Russia campaign, the Russia media reported about it in meticulous detail. Half a year later, not only is this still true, but the level of coverage has now sharply increased. Check out this screenshot from the latest (and most watched) weekly news show: Putin bashing reported on Russian TV. Click to enlarge Remember that roughly 80% plus of the audience watching this are strong supporters of President Putin. You can imagine what they think when they see these reports. The fully understand that the West hates Putin so much precisely because Putin is one of them, a real Russian who cares for the interests of the Russian people. So when the West demonizes Putin, it is really all the Russian people who are demonized and their conclusion is simple: the West does not hate Putin, the West hates *us*. As for “Blame it on Putin” – it has now become a real joke. One of the main effects of this kind of demonization is that the Russian public fully understands that there is no way back. In practical terms, most Russians believe that even if Russia pulled out of Syria, stopped supporting the Donbass or even decided to hand Crimea to the Ukies, the West would still continue to demonize Russia and try to subdue her . Furthermore, the Russians remember that the only time when the West liked Russia was when she was run by the drunken Eltsin and his coterie of Jewish oligarchs who pillaged Russia and whose reign had consequences similar to what a major war would result in. Any other Russia is simply unacceptable to the AngloZionist Empire. Seen in this light, the alliance of the West with both the Nazis in Kiev and the “moderate terrorists” in the Middle-East makes sense. This is not fundamentally different from the European’s alliance with the Ottomans during the Crimean War or the USA supported Japan against Russia in 1905 (only to then end up fighting against Japan a few years later). As long as X is anti-Russian, the West support X. It’s that primitive and that stupid. The Ukronazi regime in Kiev has understood that it has only one “commodity” left which it can sell to the West: its rabid russophobia. And since they are desperate, they make desperate and, frankly, comical efforts. Check out the new symbol of the Ukie military intelligence service: The Ukies point a dagger at the heart of Russia. Click to enlarge I don’t think I have ever seen the Ukie inferiority complex better illustrated. The Latin sentence “ Sapiens Dominabitur Astra ” (“the wise will rule the stars”) is a nice touch as it combines a non-cyrillic (Latin) alphabet, a reference to European astrology in the Middle Ages and a typically Ukrainian (cosmic) megalomania. Yet another proof, if needed, that all the Ukraine is is an “anti-Russia”. Make no mistake though, there is absolutely no fear of the West in Russia. Most Russians believe that the Russian armed forces are more than enough to keep West in check. And they are quite correct. But there is this acute awareness that were in not for the Russian military, Russia would be treated just like Iraq. In the meantime, the Russia media is gleefully feeding the Russian public every bit of russophobic propaganda produced in the West. Future generations will probably study this period and wonder at the absolutely mind-boggling stupidity of a western propaganda machine which is apparently completely oblivious at the impact of its propaganda on a nuclear superpower. The Saker",1
19711,Muslim Radical Salman Hossein says Hillary will win,Admin,"( henrymakow.com ) “Salman Hossein (left) was forced to flee Canada in 2010 with police on his tail for antisemitic activities. From his exile in Dhaka, Bangladesh, he says Hillary will win and lead the US to world war. Masonic Jewish central bankers can’t allow Trump to win because he will turn on them. They are already losing world control and Trump would be the final nail in their coffin.” — Henry Makow 
LD: Salman was a prolific commenter on this site whose posts had to be carefully monitored because of their constant obscenities and bloodcurdling threats of mass extermination. A Muslim radical, to put it mildly. 
Salman’s prediction that Hillary will win is not, in my opinion, a far-fetched one. I think it is a distinct possibility if all this, as I suspect, is pure theater. A huge surprise could be in store for us in the next few days. 
A sudden announcement by FBI Director James Comey, two days before the election, giving Hillary a clean bill of health over her problematic emails, could result in a last-minute surge in support of Hillary that could sweep her into the White House. According to one report, the FBI “may be able to sift through them [the emails under investigation] before election day .” Additional information harmful to Trump, involving “ his close links to the Kremlin “, could also be manufactured in a bid to help Hillary. 
All this, however, is pure speculation. [LD] 
SALMAN HOSSEIN : After 9-11, there were eight regimes that had not submitted to the authority of the Jewish bankers. Four of them either got taken out or bullied/bribed/coerced into bowing down – Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Sudan. The only problem is that recently China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Turkey have broken out of the sphere of control. Syria is still independent and fighting to maintain its sovereignty against Israeli expansionism and Banker domination. 
Putin recently put out an arrest warrant for George Soros for currency manipulation and has issued a decree banning the Rothschild clan from Russia. Russia is also causing problems for the Israelis and the West by defending the regime of Bashar Al Assad from Nusra and Da’esh/ISIS. Israeli expansionism has been kept in check by Russia. China has also more or less wrested free of control from the International Jewish oligarchy. As a pro-Israeli asset , Trump is not a threat to Israeli expansionism in Gaza and the West Bank. He has even opened up a campaign office in Israel. He is essentially aligning white gentile power with the Israeli-Jewish supremacist camp. He only cares about Israel and will facilitate even worse oppression of Arabs and Muslims not only in Palestine and the rest of the Greater Middle East but in the Western world as well. He consistently repeats the false “ Muslim terrorist “ narrative. He is even worse than George W. Bush Junior . As the alternative to the US Dollar, the new BRICS monetary system is also challenging Jewish control of international finance. The heavyweights in the BRICS alliance are Russia and China. There are those who claim that BRICS is also covertly run by the Jewish bankers. I don’t buy this. The Chinese are fully aware of the Jewish question . The Russians kicked out Jewish criminals . They won’t be able to penetrate the economy as well as they have done in the Western world. THE DILEMMA OF JEWISH SUPREMACISM Jewish supremacists view European gentiles as either pawns for their game of global conquest and perpetual warfare or if that is not feasible – their targets of destruction and hatred. Historically speaking, Jews have been expelled over 109 times in history. 105 of these times have been in Europe. That is why left-wing Jewish groups are so vehemently pushing for the replacement and liquidation of indigenous Europeans by either making them a minority or making those countries uninhabitable via the anticipated thermonuclear warfare which they are instigating . Most White Americans, Australians, Canadians, and New Zealanders are also of European ancestry – and are also targets for destruction/revenge by these Jewish extremists/supremacists for many decades now. The influx of refugees by Jewish groups with the assistance of organized crime gangs is Talmudic vengeance par excellence. For the Diaspora Jews, its an all-or-nothing zero sum game. They either take their chances with NATO and go all in against China, Iran, Russia, and eventually Turkey or eventually risk losing more countries from their grip and/or control. However, going head on against them will lead to World War Three. Their hatred for white gentiles is so great (due to past perceived historical injustices) that they are willing to risk death themselves in the process of getting others killed. There is no where the so-called (Jewish dominated) elite can really hide or travel to. All their contingency plans are being exposed . TRUMP IS LESSER OF TWO EVILS Trump is the lesser of the two evils because he does not appear insane enough to go after China and Russia at the same time. However, I personally prefer NATO going up against China and Russia. The West has been killing defenseless people as target practice alone for the last few centuries alone – they need a challenge this time. Russia along with assistance from China will put them in their place. The great news is that the Jewish war-mongers have already won! Hillary has already been declared the war president of the United States. I support Hillary Clinton in her desire to go to war against Russia. I have been praying for the day this would happen. In fact, thermonuclear warfare is just right around the corner. Nobody should be complaining about this. Without thermonuclear warfare, there is no way International Jewry’s grip on temporal power can be crushed. That is the other reason I left Canada! I’d like to end this piece by sending out the following Halloween message to everyone: Enjoy the party while it lasts! Make sure you have a blast! Hasta La Vista Baby!!! Like this? Share it now. 8 thoughts on “ Muslim Radical Salman Hossein says Hillary will win ” LD says:",1
19712,How Donald Trump is already indirectly helping Russia and Syria,nan,"How Donald Trump is already indirectly helping Russia and Syria November 11, 2016 - Fort Russ - Ruslan Ostashko, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - Perhaps the most famous media project of Donald Trump is the reality show “The Apprentice” on NBC, in which Trump played himself and subjected people wanting to work in his business to various tests. Trump not only played the lead role in the show, but also successfully produced it, which proves that he can not only built hotels, but also very well understands modern show business. This also shows how his opponents greatly underestimated him during the presidential race. Before Trump launched his presidential slogan “Make America Great Again,” in the public’s mind he was already associated with another catchphrase: “You’re fired!”, which he yelled at the careless participants of his TV show. Some American commentators have even written that voters might have voted for him just to see whether he would dress down Washington officials in the same way he did on TV. So far, at least in front of cameras, Trump is behaving relatively restrained, especially since he has no official rights yet. But the press is already leaking information about what he is doing behind closed doors. For example, USA Today , a newspaper which is very skeptical towards the new president, reports that Trump’s first victims are Pentagon generals. He has set before them the unspoken task of working out a plan for mass, effective airstrikes on ISIS. The due date is in 30 days and will have unpredictable, negative consequences for those generals who will not fulfill the order or will handle it poorly. The sources of American journalists are even complaining that these generals could be forced to - get ready - cooperate with Russia and even share information with the Russian air force, something which for many senior US commanders is worse than having to shred their insignia. Now let me explain why this plan for “massive bombardments against ISIS” is important. Remember what our diplomats and officers constantly say about the US’ actions - the Americans have only been supposedly bombing ISIS for several years, and the number of flights is scanty and their successes feature, for example, only two killed ISIS leaders. It is clear these bombardments were carried out in such a way so as to not harm the terrorist groups sponsored by Qatar and Saudi Arabia and those groups whom Clinton considered to be the main tool in the fight against Assad. And now it turns out that Trump is already going to force the American military machine, under threat of dismissals, to really bomb their yesterday allies. Obama has oriented himself in this situation best of all, since he might need to be given a consolation prize for being the most quirky American politician. After three years of inactivity and after his peace deal with Putin that Clinton’s supporters (the same “forces in Washington” that Putin spoke about at Valdai) tore up, the departing American president has decided to indulge this opportunity to the fullest. Here’s what American media are writing today. The Washington Post , citing senior officials in the outgoing administration, writes that Barack Obama has ordered to find and destroy leaders of the terrorist group Jebhat Al-Nusra. Although it is better to wait for official statements, it can be assumed that this information is accurate since the Washington Post is a newspaper with good sources in the US Democratic Party. Why does Obama need to do this? First of all, this is an opportunity to complete what he was not allowed to do a few months ago. Secondly, this is an opportunity to leave the White House with an image of a great fighter against terrorism. Remember how Hillary Clinton virtually claimed for herself the laurels as the “killer of Bin Laden”? Now the outgoing president has the opportunity to level the score and, if lucky, deprive Trump of the ability to win the laurels for being an active fighter against terrorism and the first to start really bombing ISIS. Here it needs to be said that everyone can understand the consequences of these decisions without resorting to any conspiracies. For example, The Washington Post ’s last issue was published with the headline: “Obama directs Pentagon to target al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria, one of the most formidable forces fighting Assad.” Translated from journalistic lingo into common speech, this sounds like “Help! Obama has decided to whack our main allies and reconsidered removing Assad!” Amazing. Trump hasn’t even taken office yet, but there are already encouraging changes in how American politicians and the military are acting. Some simply don’t want Trump’s catchphrase “You’re fired!” thrown in their faces, while others are simply trying to solve their own problems. But no matter what, this all suits us. One thing is already clear: life will be difficult for Assad and Russia’s enemies in Syria when the Russian combat group approaching the coast of Syria begins its work. It will be quite difficult for them. Now they can only hope for a miracle. Follow us on Facebook!",1
19713,Do Gorillas Even Belong in Zoos? Harambe’s Death Spurs Debate - The New York Times,Natalie Angier,"Harambe, the    Western lowland gorilla shot dead at the Cincinnati Zoo late last month after a    boy fell into his enclosure, may be physically gone, his tissues harvested for research and his sperm extracted to help diversify the captive breeding gene pool. Yet the   silverback leaves another metaphorical gorilla in the room, raising questions that extend far beyond the particulars of the case, including whether the zoo or the boy’s mother were more to blame for Harambe’s death. For primatologists and conservationists who devote their lives to studying the great apes and to doing what they can to help protect the rapidly vanishing populations of the primates in the wild, a linked set of ethical and practical dilemmas looms almost unbearably large. As research continues to reveal the breadth of our genetic, emotional and cognitive kinship with the world’s four great apes  —   gorillas, chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans  —   many primatologists admit to feeling frankly uncomfortable at the sight of a captive ape on display, no matter how luxe or “natural” the zoo exhibit may be. “When I visit zoos, I have to turn off my feelings and just tell myself that I am at a museum admiring nature’s masterpieces,” said the primatologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, professor emerita at the University of California, Davis. “Otherwise, I can’t really justify keeping great apes in cages. ” At the same time, researchers acknowledge that apes in today’s zoos, at least in the industrialized world, were all born and raised in captivity, and could no more survive being “set free” into the forests of Africa or Indonesia than could the average tourist on safari. Catherine Hobaiter of St. Andrews University in Scotland, who studies chimpanzees in Uganda, described the reaction of zoo gorillas that had been raised in indoor enclosures when the zoo finally added an outdoor annex to the exhibit. “It was heartbreaking to see,” she said. “The gentlest specks of rain, and the gorillas were drumming on the door to get back inside. They were afraid of getting wet. ” Yet while primatologists concur that people have a moral obligation to care for the thousands of apes who are now in captivity and may live 60 years or longer, they differ on what that care should look like. Barbara Smuts, a renowned primatologist at the University of Michigan, recently distributed a petition asking that the other gorillas at the Cincinnati Zoo be relocated to a sanctuary far from the ogling, screeching crowds of their clothed relations. Researchers also disagree on whether we should continue breeding apes in captivity, and if so, to what end. Some experts believe that   zoos play an essential educational role, and that exposure to a    ape can be a transformative experience, especially for children. “I remember going to the Milwaukee zoo when I was a kid and seeing the gorilla,” said Peter D. Walsh, a biological anthropologist at Cambridge University who works on gorilla conservation in Africa. “I was rapt. It’s like a drug. You don’t get that emotional bond from an IMAX movie. ” Others deride most zoos as little more than amusement parks with educational placards that few people bother to read. “There’s no good evidence that captive apes are having any positive effect on their wild relatives,” said Marc Bekoff, a behavioral ecologist and professor emeritus at the University of Colorado. As for education, he added, “one of the most wonderful and educational lessons in biodiversity I’ve ever seen was a snail exhibit at the Detroit Zoo. ” Peter Singer, a bioethicist at Princeton University, said, “Our primary concern ought to be the   of gorillas, but zoos are constructed the other way around: The primary concern is that humans can see the gorillas. ” No matter their feelings about zoos, primatologists despair at the shocking statistics on wild apes. According to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, all species and subspecies of wild apes rank as endangered or critically endangered, and in all cases, the trends point implacably downward. Apes are being lost to poaching, the bushmeat trade, habitat destruction and disease. In Sumatra and Borneo, forests have been pulped to make way for palm oil plantations, with devastating consequences for orangutans. Since the 1990s, 80 percent of Eastern lowland gorillas in Central Africa have died of Ebola. Even among Jane Goodall’s celebrated chimpanzees of the Gombe forest in Tanzania, human activities have lately slashed the population by almost 40 percent. By the Red List reckoning, the planetwide total for all wild apes amounts to 350, 000 individuals, down from premodern figures estimated in the millions. Nor does it help, said Dr. Walsh of Cambridge University, that the public’s concern for the environment is now focused almost exclusively on climate change: “I feel like shouting, ‘Hey, guys, you could end climate change tomorrow and we’d still be facing the greatest extinction crisis we’ve ever seen. ’” There’s a reason humans and the great apes are bunched together taxonomically in the family Hominidae. We split off from chimpanzees and gorillas only about six million to 10 million years ago. The DNA of a chimpanzee is about 98 percent analogous to ours. Apes are avid tool users and tool makers. Chimpanzees fashion sticks to fish termites from a mound and to hunt monkeys hidden in tree holes. Orangutans can learn to row a boat and flip pancakes on a griddle. In observations at the Prague Zoo, Khalil Baalbaki watched gorillas turn empty crates into a series of household objects: tables, chairs, stepping stools to extend their reach, trays to carry their food and as weapons to be thrown in a fight. One young female gorilla extracted wood stuffing from a crate to fashion a pair of slippers, padding her feet with the fibers before venturing onto the snow. According to   of intelligence studies, the average ape has the cognitive, quantitative and spatial skills of a   to    human child. Yet Tetsuro Matsuzakawa’s laboratory in Japan showed that an exceptionally   chimpanzee named Ayuma was twice as good as any university student at recalling numbers flashed on a screen. The great apes also exhibit basic temperamental differences. David Watts, a primatologist at Yale University who has studied chimpanzees and gorillas in the wild, found that while chimpanzees generally didn’t like people or show much interest in their affairs, gorillas were deeply curious. “I quickly realized that the gorillas not only wanted to touch me, but to climb all over me,” he said. In one famous incident, a female gorilla stuck her hand down the shirt of a female primatologist and started feeling around. That innate curiosity, researchers suggest, may explain some of Harambe’s behavior seen on the video of his fatal encounter with the boy who fell into his enclosure  —   fiddling with the boy’s clothing, taking a quick peek as he pulled the boy’s pants upward. He tried pulling the boy into a grotto, perhaps to protect him or to claim the fascinating new playmate for himself. But with the mounting commotion and screams from the onlookers above, researchers said, Harambe grew agitated and soon assumed the stance of a male silverback in dominance display mode. “It’s what we used to call strutting, and male gorillas do it all the time,” Dr. Watts said. “A silverback will stand or walk around with arms and legs stiffly extended, his hair piloerect, to make himself look bigger and more impressive. Harambe was definitely doing that when he was standing over the boy. ” The behavior is mostly bluster: If Harambe had been intent on killing the boy, Dr. Hrdy said, as an interloping male gorilla might kill the babies sired by the silverback he just deposed  —   the quicker to claim the resident females for himself  —   “he would have done it in seconds,” probably with a bite to the skull. Nevertheless, the strut introduced risks of its own, particularly when Harambe began dragging the boy around the enclosure, as a displaying gorilla will sometimes drag around a large branch. Dr. Watts, who said he had been “punched, knocked over and dragged” by male gorillas but never seriously injured, wishes he had been at the Cincinnati Zoo as the crisis unfolded. He would have volunteered to enter the enclosure and assume a submissive fetal position on the floor to try drawing the gorilla’s attention from the boy. (He admits he is engaging in a kind of Monday morning   of his own.) The look and logic of zoos have changed drastically over time. When the first apes were exhibited in the West, in the late 18th century, they were seen as trophies, evidence of imperial victory over savagery. The unfortunate souvenirs usually died within months of their arrival from disease or malnutrition. As zoos sought to improve the health of their resident apes, the enclosures often assumed a blandly sterile configuration, devoid of risky foliage or toys. That approach led to problems of its own, like boredom, repetitive behaviors and depression. More recently, most zoos have worked hard to give apes the mental and emotional stimulation they need, with tires for swinging, rocks for climbing, social groups for mutual grooming or bouts of contagious laughing or yawning. Frans de Waal of Emory University and the Yerkes National Primate Research Center said he was a “big fan” of quality zoos, although perhaps not for large, gregarious animals like killer whales and elephants. “But for great apes, the record now is excellent,” he said. Their health is good, they reproduce readily in captivity and they live 10 years or more longer than their wild peers. Indeed, the first gorilla born in captivity, a female named Colo, is still alive at the zoo in Columbus, Ohio, for which she was named. She will turn 60 in December, a birthday the   grandmother will not celebrate, zoo officials said, by wearing the adorable pinafore and straw bonnet her caretakers dressed her in as a youth. Dr. de Waal said that it was easier than ever to keep apes enriched and entertained. “They like to work on computers,” he said. “When you bring in a touch screen, they get excited about that, and it’s a great way to teach the public about how smart they are. ” But what the public must accept, he said, is that the pleasant notion of zoos as nurseries for restocking wild populations of endangered animals has proved a fantasy in all but a handful of cases, most notably the successful reintroduction of   golden lion tamarins into the Atlantic Forests of Brazil. By contrast, when the British aristocrat Damian Aspinall released 11 of his   lowland gorillas into the wilds of Gabon in 2014, five were soon violently dispatched, probably by a resident gorilla, while others disappeared. Yet critics say that zoo life has its serious downsides, too, as Harambe’s story made plain. The captive ape is the designated “ambassador” for its kind, an object lesson in evolutionary fraternity and shared fate for those of us who remain on the other side of the glass, proclaiming the primacy of human needs, desires and lives.",0
19714,,ELSEVAR,"Alas, Tyler, Hillary was/is an unapologetic booster of the fossil fuels industries, including making frequent trips abroad when she was Secretary of State boosting fracking technology. Like Obama, nothing with teeth was ever attempted by Hillary in the direction of environmentalism. In fact, quite the contrary.
You can research Hillary's anti-environmental history on your own, but here are two places to start ...
- https://theintercept.com/2016/...
- https://theintercept.com/2016/...
Also ...
- http://www.motherjones.com/env...",1
19715,U.S. Prosecutors Outline Case Against Mexican Drug Lord El Chapo - The New York Times,Alan Feuer and William K. Rashbaum,"After eluding prosecution in the United States for decades and escaping from prison twice in Mexico, the crime lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, better known as El Chapo, appeared on Friday in federal court in Brooklyn and pleaded not guilty to charges that he had overseen a   drug empire. Prosecutors said the operation had moved at least 200 tons of cocaine into the United States, had earned $14 billion in profits and had been protected by an army of assassins who killed thousands of people. Mr. Guzmán’s arraignment, in Federal District Court, was both a news media spectacle and a pro forma counterpoint to his sudden extradition from Mexico on Thursday afternoon, when a police jet flew him from the border to MacArthur Airport in Islip, on Long Island. The brief court proceeding took place under tight security, with police vehicles, heavily armed guards and   dogs patrolling the grounds outside the courthouse. Dressed for his arraignment in a blue     blue pajama pants and blue sneakers, Mr. Guzmán, 59, stood with his   lawyers in front of Magistrate Judge James Orenstein in a   courtroom packed with prosecutors, federal agents and reporters. “Are you Mr. Guzmán?” Judge Orenstein asked the defendant. “Sí, señor,” Mr. Guzmán said. The judge then asked Mr. Guzmán if he understood the charges he was facing. “Sí, señor,” he said again. Those charges had been detailed earlier on Friday at a news conference. At the briefing, Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney in Brooklyn, called the extradition of Mr. Guzmán, whose nickname means Shorty, a milestone in the pursuit of a trafficker who achieved mythic status in his homeland as a Robin   outlaw and a serial prison escapee. Saying that Mr. Guzmán now faced life in prison on a charge of running a continuing criminal enterprise, Mr. Capers sought to play down Mr. Guzmán’s role as a folk hero and promised that he would not escape his American jailers. “Who is Chapo Guzmán?” Mr. Capers said, flanked by a phalanx of   officials from local, state and federal agencies. “In short, he is a man who has known no other life than one of crime, violence, death and destruction. ” Even at a courthouse that has seen the prosecution of Mafia dons like John J. Gotti, the onetime Gambino family boss, and corrupt public officials like Meade Esposito, the former Brooklyn Democratic leader, the arrival of Mr. Guzmán sent a charge through the building, where scores of international reporters were on hand. In an extraordinary confluence of events, Mr. Guzmán was taken from Mexico by plane on the eve of the inauguration of Donald J. Trump and was arraigned in Brooklyn only hours after Mr. Trump was sworn in. After the hearing, he was returned to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan, a   federal jail that has housed some of New York’s   federal defendants, including many facing terrorism charges. As the day began, prosecutors in Brooklyn issued a memo laying out their arguments for keeping Mr. Guzmán in custody. They noted his vast wealth and asserted his propensity for violence and his penchant for escaping Mexican prisons  —   most notably, the   Altiplano prison, where he lived in isolation under   surveillance. Nonetheless, he managed to flee after his associates dug a tunnel directly into his shower. Speaking at the news conference, Angel M. Melendez, the special agent in charge of Homeland Security investigations in New York, said he had been at the airport Thursday night when Mr. Guzmán arrived. Mr. Melendez said he looked into Mr. Guzmán’s eyes and saw “surprise, shock and even a bit of fear” now that he was facing “American justice. ” Mr. Guzmán’s escapes in Mexico came while he was serving a long sentence on   offenses. Although officials at the gathering refused to discuss details about security measures, Mr. Melendez said, “I can assure you no tunnel will be built to his bathroom. ” Mr. Guzmán is facing charges in six federal districts, and Mr. Capers said the decision had been made to prosecute him in Brooklyn, with the assistance of federal prosecutors in Miami, because the two offices working together could bring “the most forceful punch” to the case against the leader of the Sinaloa cartel. Mr. Capers added that cases in Texas, in California, in Illinois and elsewhere would, for the moment, remain open. The investigation into Mr. Guzmán’s crimes was conducted by a host of agencies, including the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In its memo filed Friday, Mr. Capers’s office said it would seek a criminal forfeiture of $14 billion against Mr. Guzmán and announced that it planned to call dozens of witnesses to testify about the staggering scope of Mr. Guzmán’s criminal enterprise: its   shipments of drugs in trucks, planes, yachts, fishing vessels, container ships and submersibles, as well as its numerous killings of witnesses, law enforcement agents, public officials and rival cartel members. The memo also said the government had a vast array of physical evidence, including seized drug stashes and electronic surveillance recordings. The   memorandum of law  —   supplemented with photographs of seized drugs and the planes, boats and submersibles used to smuggle them  —   reads like a history of the modern narcotics business. Prosecutors contend that Mr. Guzmán transformed the drug trade with unchecked brutality, remarkable efficiency and brazen corruption. The document tracks his progression from the 1980s, as a smuggler who transported Colombian cocaine to the United States and returned the profits to traffickers there so efficiently that he earned the nickname El Rápido, through the ’90s, when he began consolidating his control in Mexico. As Colombian traffickers faced increased enforcement of extradition laws, and thus greater threat of prosecution in the United States, they ceded elements of the distribution networks in the United States to Mexican cartels, according to the memo. As Mr. Guzmán’s operations grew, prosecutors say, they became increasingly sophisticated. Mr. Guzmán also established a complex communications network to allow him to speak covertly with his growing empire without detection by law enforcement, according to the memo. This included “the use of encrypted networks, multiple insulating layers of   and   methods of communicating with his workers. ” Mr. Guzmán also established distribution networks in New York, New Jersey, Georgia, Illinois, Texas and California and created “massive   efforts that delivered billions of dollars in illegal profits generated from the cocaine sales in the United States to the Mexican traffickers and their Colombian partners,” the memo said. “These changes,” it added, “enabled Guzmán to exponentially increase his profits to staggering levels. ”",0
19716,"Cities Vow to Fight Trump on Immigration, Even if They Lose Millions - The New York Times",Jennifer Medina and Jess Bidgood,"LOS ANGELES  —   Here in Los Angeles, where nearly half of the city’s residents are Latino, Mayor Eric Garcetti has vowed to do everything he can to fight widespread deportations of illegal immigrants. In New York, with a large and diverse Latino population, Mayor Bill de Blasio has pledged not to cooperate with immigration agents. And Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago has declared that it “will always be a sanctuary city. ” Across the nation, officials in sanctuary cities are gearing up to oppose   Donald J. Trump if he follows through on a campaign promise to deport millions of illegal immigrants. They are promising to maintain their policies of limiting local law enforcement cooperation with federal immigration agents. In doing so, municipal officials risk losing millions of dollars in federal assistance for their cities that helps pay for services like fighting crime and running homeless shelters. Mr. Trump has vowed to block all federal funding for cities where local law enforcement agencies do not cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. But as Mr. Trump prepares to take office, Democratic bastions, including Boston, Philadelphia and San Francisco, have reaffirmed plans to defy the administration and act as a kind of bulwark against mass deportations. “I like to compare this to conscientious objector status,” said Mayor Libby Schaaf of Oakland, Calif. “We are not going to use our resources to enforce what we believe are unjust immigration laws. ” Supporters of tougher immigration policies, however, expect a swift response. Dan Stein, the president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which opposes legalization for unauthorized immigrants, predicted “a very aggressive,    support for using the full power of the federal government to discourage this kind of interference. ” “These local politicians take it upon themselves to allow people who have been here for a long time to stay here and receive services,” Mr. Stein said. “The Trump administration is basically saying, ‘If you want to accommodate, don’t expect the rest of us to pay for your services. ’” Some believe Mr. Trump could go further than simply pulling federal funding, perhaps fighting such policies in court or even prosecuting city leaders. “This is uncharted territory in some ways, to see if they’re just playing chicken, or see if they will relent,” said Jessica Vaughan, the director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, which supports reduced immigration. Cities have “gotten away with this for a long time because the federal government has never attempted to crack down on them,” Ms. Vaughan said. The fight could also signal a twist in the struggle over the power of the federal government, as this time liberal cities  —   rather than conservative states  —   resist what they see as federal intervention. Cities “may not have the power to give people rights,” said Muzaffar Chishti, the director of the Migration Policy Institute’s office at the New York University School of Law. “But they have a lot of power of resistance, and that’s what they’re displaying right now. ” No legal definition of sanctuary cities exists, and many mayors dislike the label, saying it unfairly describes policies that merely stop local law enforcement from acting as immigration deputies. Generally, the term refers to jurisdictions that have placed limits on when local law enforcement agencies comply with federal requests to hold undocumented immigrants for detention and turn them over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Those requests greatly increased after the Obama administration extended nationwide an electronic monitoring system by which the fingerprints of every person booked by local or state police are sent to the Department of Homeland Security for checking against immigration databases. More than 500 counties and cities have some kind of policy limiting cooperation with the immigration authorities, according to an estimate from the Immigrant Legal Resource Center, an advocacy and legal assistance group in San Francisco and Washington. The latest fight is beginning to play out much like one that occurred in the   when activists in the nation’s big cities resisted the immigration policies of the Reagan administration. Central Americans had become the subject of fierce political jockeying, and scores of churches opened their doors as sanctuaries to flout the Reagan White House. Members of churches and synagogues are again offering their houses of worship as sanctuaries for undocumented people fearing deportation, according to groups that work with immigrants and refugees. A   network known as the “sanctuary movement” was revived in the past few years to take in those at risk of deportation by the Obama administration. In Oakland, a site of resistance a generation ago, Ms. Schaaf has no doubt that the community will again marshal its resources to help undocumented immigrants. The city is exploring ways to offer legal services to immigrants. “We do have many undocumented immigrants, but often these are residents who came to our city as toddlers. They have grown up here and gone to our public schools,” Ms. Schaaf said. “These are not illegal aliens, they are friends’ children, people sitting next to us in our church pews and on the bus. Here it feels much more personal. ” Oakland stands to lose as much as $140 million in federal funding for homeless shelters, meals for the elderly and   preschool programs. Ms. Schaaf has started asking local philanthropists if they will put up money to replace any lost federal funds. “This is our highest priority as far as our response to this election,” she said. In the past, conservatives have embraced the notion that state and city officials can assert themselves with immigration laws. One of Mr. Trump’s immigration advisers is Kris W. Kobach, who helped write a law in Arizona that allowed the police to question people they detained about immigration status. That provision was upheld by the Supreme Court. Rudolph W. Giuliani, an adviser to Mr. Trump who is expected to join his administration, unsuccessfully sued the government in 1996, when he was the mayor of New York, over a federal law he said infringed on local protections for undocumented immigrants. The latest clash will be most acutely felt in California, home to an estimated 2. 3 million of the country’s 11 million undocumented immigrants. Not only does the state allow such immigrants to obtain driver’s licenses, but it also offers them   college tuition and allows them to hold professional licenses to work as lawyers, architects and nurses. A state law passed in 2014 limits counties’ cooperation with federal officials. The policies came under renewed attack last year, after a young woman was shot by an immigrant with a criminal record who lived in the state illegally and had been released by the authorities in San Francisco. Los Angeles, which in 1979 became the first city to specifically bar officers from stopping people to ask about their immigration status, could lose as much as $500 million of its $9 billion budget. The amount includes money for antiterrorism programs and community health centers. “Taking away funding because our law enforcement will not act as federal agents would not only be irresponsible but immoral,” Mr. Garcetti said. “It would be an unprecedented overreach of federal executive power to take even more of our taxes away. ” Mr. de Blasio in New York has signaled that he will look for more ways to fight widespread deportations, and the city is directing undocumented immigrants to its free legal services. New York has the country’s largest municipal identification program and maintains a database of nearly a million people. Mr. de Blasio has pledged not to give any information from the program to the federal government. Melissa Keaney, a lawyer at the National Immigration Law Center, said the federal government could not compel states to carry out immigration enforcements. “Anything that tries to coerce a local government is going to be challenged because these agencies are only responsible for local arrests,” Ms. Keaney said. “Their responsibility is for carrying out public safety criminal law, and it is not within their responsibility or authority to act as federal agents. ” How much cities can fight off deportations, however, remains unclear. Legal experts say that city officials cannot bar immigration agents and that it is unlikely that they could declare a physical sanctuary on public property. Much of their resistance may lie in simply not cooperating. Rick Su, a law professor at the University at Buffalo who has researched immigration and local government, said that unless Mr. Trump ratchets up the number and reach of federal immigration agents, “it is difficult to see how he can achieve the two to three million removals that he has proposed without state and local assistance in identifying and detaining suspected unauthorized immigrants. ” For now, many city leaders are focusing on calming undocumented immigrants’ frayed nerves. Jorge Elorza, the mayor of Providence, R. I. and the son of undocumented Guatemalan immigrants who were eventually naturalized, stood behind a lectern one recent evening to reassure about 150 people who had filled a high school cafeteria. “Folks may feel threatened by what they hear,” Mr. Elorza told them, addressing the crowd in English and Spanish. “We will protect our communities and our families so they can continue to live their lives free of fear and safe in our communities. ”",0
19717,Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case,nan,"Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case October 28, 2016 Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case 
A federal court jury delivered a surprise verdict on Thursday acquitting anti-governme leader Ammon Bundy and six followers of conspiracy charges stemming from their role in the armed takeover of a wildlife center in Oregon earlier this year. The outcome marked a stinging defeat for federal prosecutors and law enforcement in a trial the defendants sought to turn into a pulpit for airing their opposition to U.S. government control over millions of acres of public lands in the West. Bundy and others, including his brother and co-defendant Ryan Bundy, cast the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge as a patriotic act of civil disobedience. Prosecutors called it a lawless scheme to seize federal property by force Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",1
19718,Silent But Deadly - Russia Developing Devastating ‘Carrier Killer’ Torpedo - Alexander Vershinin,nan,"Military Silent But Deadly - Russia Developing Devastating ‘Carrier Killer’ Torpedo 
While shrouded in secrecy, the ‘Khishchnik’ is thought to have characteristics that are an improvement on those of the well-known Shkval torpedo Originally appeared at RBTH 
In early October, Russian military analysts reported that a group of designers working for the navy were completing work on a completely new high-speed torpedo. The widely-known Shkval (“Squall”) torpedo, which for a long time was a global leader in terms of speed and the destructive force of its warhead, will be replaced by a new torpedo, called Khishchnik (“Predator”). 
No specific information is available yet on what the new torpedo is like and what its technical characteristics are: The project is classified. It is only known that it is being developed by the Elektropribor design bureau, which specializes in aviation technology. 
The connection is not accidental – after all, what is being developed is not just a torpedo but what is in effect an underwater missile whose engine has a lot in common with its airborne equivalents. One thing is certain: In terms of its main specifications, the Khishchnik will exceed its famous predecessor, the Shkval. 
Underwater record breaker 
The project brief to develop a fundamentally new torpedo capable of carrying a nuclear warhead was issued in the USSR back in the 1970s. The resulting Shkval torpedo was accepted into service in 1977 and, despite its venerable age, remains the world’s record breaker among underwater projectiles. 3601159_original.jpg The Shkval torpedo / Source: Anatoly Sokolov / Oruzhie Rossii 
An ordinary torpedo has a speed of no more than 140 kilometers per hour (87 mph), which allows a ship targeted by it to maneuver and avoid being hit. The Shkval, however, leaves the enemy practically no chance: Its speed is nearly three times the speed of a standard torpedo. This means that a targeted ship has just a third of the standard time for maneuver. In real naval combat that means a nearly inevitable hit. 
The secret of the Shkval’s speed is in its special engine, which runs on solid fuel. While an ordinary torpedo gains speed with the help of spinning propellers, the Shkval uses supercavitation. A special design of its engine makes it possible to achieve a unique physical effect, whereby a gas bubble forms around the moving torpedo. That allows the projectile to move virtually in a vacuum, minimizing drag. 
The Shkval torpedo remains one of the top-secret Russian military designs. Although it has been in operation for nearly 40 years, some of its technical characteristics continue to be classified. It is therefore not surprising that it was Shkval-related documents that featured in an early 2000s spy scandal involving U.S. businessman Edmond Pope. 
That said, most of the attempts to replicate this torpedo abroad have failed. It was only in 2005 that the German Navy received an underwater rocket with specifications close to those of the Shkval, though even then it failed to beat its Russian equivalent in terms of speed. 
Cold War legacy in the 21st century 
Like many other military designs that originated in the Cold War, the Shkval has outlived the Soviet-U.S. global confrontation. It was originally created as a Soviet response to the development of U.S. naval air defense. Soviet aviation was no match for the powerful American navy and reactive torpedoes emerged as a know-how aimed to make up for that deficiency. 
As an effective anti-naval weapon, the Shkval remains popular still. Back in 1992, Russian designers developed a dedicated export version of the torpedo. This is somewhat inferior to the original in terms of its range and speed but is still superior to foreign equivalents. 
And yet the Shkval has considerable potential for improvement. It has a relatively short firing range and the depth capability of its carrier is limited. This makes a Shkval-enabled submarine susceptible to active enemy defense. A torpedo traveling at a high speed generates noise that makes it easy to detect it. Finally, it does not have a homing guidance system. 
One can assume that all these considerations were taken into account in the development of the Khishchnik. After all, things that were technically impossible 40 years are quite achievable today.  ",1
19719,"29 Years Ago, Thomas Sankara, the African Che Guevara, was Murdered",shorty,"shorty By Darío Mizrahi T homas Sankara was a young communist officer who attempted to take Burkina Faso out of the neocolonial orbit of France, but was murdered by his closest comrades. During Sankara’s short time in power, Burkina Faso became self-sufficient in grains. “He was the first to forbid female genital mutilation, and included women in all realms of public administration.” His killer, Blaise Compaoré, ruled for 27 years, until run out of the country in 2014 . This article previously appeared in The Dawn [3] . “He created the Communist Officers’ Group, which overthrew the government on November 7, 1982.” Earlier this month, Burkina Faso began to exhume the remains of the leader that founded the country in 1984. They seek to reveal the murderous conspiracy that ended his life, after four years of leading a revolutionary government. Thomas Isidore Noël Sankara was born on December 21, 1949 in what is known today as Burkina Faso, but was then still a French colony called Alta Volta . When he finished secondary school, at 19, he began a prolific military career that would be inextricably linked to politics. Just 14 years later, Sankara made a coup d’état through armed struggle and an overwhelming support from the population and assumed the leadership of the country. Back then, he was already a symbol throughout the continent. Thanks to a combination of charisma, courage and intelligence and his undoubtedly revolutionary convictions, the world began to talk about “African Che Guevara.” Just like the Argentine guerrilla, he had an early, tragic death, due to the betrayal of his closest comrade. Now, 28 years after his murder, and after the work to exhume his remains began, to unveil his mysterious end, Infobae interviewed Spanish writer Antonio Lozano, one of the most notorious experts on the Burkinese leader. As a corollary to his investigations, in 2006 he published The Sankara Case (Almuzara Ed), a novel that combines historical accuracy with fiction to retell his eventful life and tragic murder. The creation of a revolutionary leader “Sankara wanted to be a doctor, but his family was poor and his only option if he wanted to study was to attend a military academy. He was a Christian and that was always a part of his ideology,” Lozano says. “Surprisingly, at the time many of the professors of the military academy were Marxists”, Lozano explained, “so there he came into contact with these ideas. When he finished the first level of studies, his good grades allowed him to train as an Official of the Army in Madagascar, a country where there were constant popular revolts”. When he returned to Alto Volta, Sankara had strong convictions and thought that it was essential to break with the colonial oppression of his nation, which was one of the poorest of the planet. They sent him to the city of Pô, where his military and political career began. He had soldiers under his command which he taught his ideas. And on the other hand he worked with the poor people of the city and earned their respect and admiration. “When he went to Rabat, Morocco, to take a course he met Blaise Compaoré, who became a great friend and comrade-in-arms of his, and who would later do the revolution with him. When he returned to Alto Volta, he participated in a short war against Mali, where he shined for an incursion he did with his men and made him famous and praised by the population,” the historian says. “Sankara had strong convictions and thought that it was essential to break with the colonial oppression of his nation, which was one of the poorest of the planet.” I n 1981, he was appointed Secretary of Information of the State. But six months after, he announced his resignation in an explosive press conference, in which he denounced the authoritarianism of the government and the attempts to “put a gag on the people.” This consolidated his fame as one of the most notorious figures of the country. He had created, together with Campaoré and other members of the Armed Forces, the Communist Officers’ Group. This group overthrew the government on November 7, 1982, and appointed a new President: Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo. Sankara was appointed Prime Minister in January 1983. “Muammar Khadafi, who was already governing Linya and was one of the biggest figures of Arab socialism at the time, invited him to his country and considered him a comrade. At that time, every rally he held in Alto Volta was attended by thousands.” But France wouldn’t have this. “Due to the pressure of France and the right-wing coalition that was still in the government, he was imprisoned”, Lozano recounts. “So Compaoré and his allies started to act” to get him released, and “with the help of mass mobilizations of the Burkinese people”, they recovered Sankara from the claws of the metropoli. In August 4, 1983, they took the power through armed struggle. At 33, he was appointed president and the Sankara’s Revolution began. The foundation of a new country “He created a revolutionary process that was unheard of in Africa. On August 4, 1984, he changed the name of Alto Volta to Burkina Faso, which means “Land of the Honest People” which reflects his struggle against corruption, an endemic disease of African governments. He lead by example: he continued earning the same amount he made as Captain of the Army, sold all of the expensive cars owned by the state and adopted as official vehicle the cheapest car in the market, the Renault 5.” He decreased the salaries of all public officers, forbade the use of chauffeurs and mandated that all ministers had to travel in tourist class. He also stood against nepotisms and didn’t allow family-members to work for the state. His austerity was a characteristic that defined him until his death. “At the time he was murdered, his only possessions were a mortgaged house and three bikes” Lozano says. The other main axis of his administration was the incentive to education and culture. “In a single year, the alphabetization rate went from 12 to 36%, and it kept raising thanks to the rural schools he created throughout the country.” He also made great advances in health. He created vaccination commands that in just a few months immunized almost all Burkinese children against infectious diseases that were causing great harm. “At the time he was murdered, his only possessions were a mortgaged house and three bikes.” B ut the greatest revolution he led was the one in favor of women’s rights . He was the first to forbid female genital mutilation. He promoted the celebration of March 8 and included women in all realms of public administration. In the economic aspect, “he made an agrarian reform that redistributed land and gave out fertilizers and seeds to peasants, and created small dams. Through this, he managed to make Burkina Faso one of the few countries of the region to acquire self-sufficiency in the cereal supply, which is the base of the population’s diet.” Sankara knew that in order to be able to implement his agenda of reforms, he had to achieve “economic independence” for the country. This led him to confront the international financial system, and particularly the French one. Despite the declaration of independence, the country was still heavily tied to its former metropoli. The refusal to pay the external debt, which had been taken by previous governments, was one of his main measures. “In his last big speech, which he gave in September 1987 in the context of the General Assembly of the African Union, he defended these ideas once again and said that if they didn’t stand with him, he wouldn’t be there the following year. And, in fact, he didn’t live to see the 1988 assembly,” the biographer said. “He said that the only one with the ability to kill him was Blaise Compaoré, because he knew him better than anybody else.” S ankara had made powerful enemies, both inside and outside the country. “He saw the end coming. In an interview he gave 15 days before his death to a newspaper from Belgium, when they asked about potential conspiracies he said that the only one with the ability to kill him was Blaise Compaoré, because he knew him better than anybody else. His circle told him several times to cut him off because he was a threat. But his answer was always the same: he was like a brother.” Compaoré disagreed with many of Sankara’s policies, especially with the ones that restricted the acts of public officers. On October 15, 1987, an armed group entered Thomas Sankara’s office while he was in a meeting with the 12 members of the National Council of the Revolution. Sankara, who was 37 at the time, was murdered along with the rest of the attendants. Simultaneously, Compaoré made a coup d’état and became the President of Burkina Faso. He stayed in power for 27 years, until mass revolts forced him to flee the country in 2014. Source URL: http://blackagendareport.com/thomas_sankara_murdered_29_years_ago",1
19720,Parents Have Only 2 Hours to Show Dying Newborn What a Lifetime Full of Love Looks Like Before It’s Too Late,Prudence Hill,"Share on Twitter 
Alyssa had known that having a baby wouldn't be easy. According to Fox News 5 , a variety of health problems — including cerebral palsy, hyperthyroidism, and diabetes — guaranteed that her pregnancy would qualify as a high risk one. 
Still, she and her husband wanted nothing more than to be parents. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
So, when Alyssa learned she was pregnant, it was a joyous moment in what had been a very difficult year for their family. Immediately, Alyssa decided that if the baby was a girl, she would name her “Scarlett Faye” after the two most important women in her life — her mother and her recently deceased grandmother. Alyssa tells Independent Journal Review: 
“The joy I felt was indescribable. I loved being pregnant. It's all I talked about, thought about, and dreamed about. From the moment I found out that there was life inside of me, I thought that this baby was a blessing sent to us all. She was going to shed light on this terrible year everyone had had.” 
The pregnancy progressed better than Alyssa could have hoped. She learned that her baby would be a girl, and that little Scarlett was growing as expected. Then, at 20 weeks, Alyssa started experiencing pain and minor bleeding. 
At first, her discomfort was dismissed as normal pregnancy aches. However, when the pain got worse, Alyssa headed to the hospital, praying all the way that everything would be fine. 
Once at the hospital, the on-call obstetrician told Alyssa that she had an incompetent cervix. While Alyssa was willing to undergo a procedure to address the issue, the doctor explained that it wouldn't help. The only hope lay in strict bed rest and medication that might stop her from dilating further. Alyssa tells Independent Journal Review: 
“After the doctor left the room, Justin laid over the bed rail, grabbed my right hand, and just sobbed. I wrapped my left arm around him and kissed his head, and cried with him. ... We held each other and cried together for what seemed like forever. That night seemed very long. I tossed and turned, prayed and thought. I begged God for everything to be okay. She was our blessing and I couldn't stand think of losing her.” 
Sadly, the next day, Alyssa learned that the measures they had tried hadn't worked. Her baby was on its way. The grief she felt was mixed with the feeling that she had failed as a mother: 
“I felt like I had failed. I felt like I failed him [her husband] and our daughter. All I could spit out was 'I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.' I must have repeated that a dozen times.” 
Scarlett Faye was born at 20 weeks gestation, weighing less than a pound. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
Alyssa describes the beauty of her newborn daughter: 
“She was perfection. She was very well developed, and the most perfect combination between her father and I. She holds a special place in our hearts. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of her. My little girl yesterday, my angel today, my daughter forever.” 
As the nurses gave Alyssa her daughter to hold for the first time, the new mom found that there was so much she wanted to tell her baby. She tells Independent Journal Review: 
“I held Scarlett on my chest and cried into hers. I studied her face, so it'd forever be imprinted in my mind. I studied her body, her toes, her ribs. Everything. ... I told her that I was so sorry. I told her I loved her. I told her it was okay to let go. ... Everyone took their turns and held her. Everyone got to love her. That's all she ever experienced was love.” 
Alyssa's memories of her daughter are illuminated by love. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
She explains to Independent Journal Review that though her daughter only lived for two hours, every moment of that time was filled with the love of family: 
“She felt love. That is it. In the two hours that she was alive, she fought to stay with us. In those two hours, she was cuddled, kissed, hugged, and loved. She went peacefully. Justin and I got to be with her two whole days before we went home. I was able to cuddle her body, change her dirty diapers, bathe her, and love her. While in the hospital, I never left her side.” 
Alyssa says she isn't sharing her story to gain sympathy. Rather, she hopes that she can help other women from experiencing the same loss by raising awareness of the problem of incompetent cervix. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
She has set up a Facebook page to help women going through pregnancy loss and tells Independent Journal Review that she wants to make a difference for her daughter, as well as for other babies who were taken too soon: 
“Scarlett along with all the other babies, deserves justice. Even those who have lost their littles too soon for other reasons. We need to stand together and fight for our babies.” ",1
19721,"Donald Trump’s Final Rally: Grand Rapids, MI 11/7/16",VNN,"Donald Trump Tells Veterans He’s ‘Financially Brave’ ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Donald Trump’s Final Rally: Grand Rapids, MI 11/7/16 By VNN on November 7, 2016 Make America Great Again 
“Put an End to decades of Clinton corruption…” Mike Pence, said. 
“Do you want America to be ruled by the corrupt political class or do you want America to be ruled again by the people?” Trump asked. 
“I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we are about to say. When we win on November 8, we are going to drain the swamp” Trump said. 
“Tomorrow the American working class will strike back.” Trump said. 
Donald J. Trump for President FINAL rally in Grand Rapids, MI at Devo’s Place. Trump’s final pitch – A 2 minute Ad airing in all battleground States:",1
19722,"Birleşik Krallık, Suriye’de cihatçıları eğitmeye yeniden başlıyor",Osman Soysal,"Birleşik Krallık, Suriye’de cihatçıları eğitmeye yeniden başlıyor Voltaire İletişim Ağı | 2 Kasım 2016 français Español Deutsch Português italiano İngiliz Savunma Bakanı Michael Fallon, ülkesinin Özgür Suriye Ordusunu yeniden oluşturacağını duyurdu. Böylece İngiliz Hükümeti, 2014 yılında Başkan Obama tarafından başlatılan « ılımlı » olarak adlandırılan savaşçıların eğitim programını yeniden başlatıyor.
Özgür Suriye Ordusu, 2011 yılında El-Kaide’nin Libyalı önderi Abdülhakim Belhac çevresinde Fransa tarafından oluşturuldu. Söz konusu operasyon, Albay Riyad el-Esat önderliğinde Suriye Ordusundan firar edenlere yapılan bir yardım olarak sunulmuştu. Daha sonra ÖSO üyeleri zamanla El-Kaide’ye katıldı. 2016 yılında, ÖSO etiketi, Türkmen milisleri için bu adı kullanan Türkiye tarafından yeniden canlandırıldı.
ABD’ye gelince, yeni « isyancı savaşçıların » eğitimi için bir buçuk milyar dolar harcamıştı. Öte yandan bu eğitilen insanların tümü bugün El-Kaide’ye katılmış durumdadır.
Dolayısıyla da İngilizlerin yeni programlarının, El-Kaide’ye yönelik yeni bir örtülü yardım olması kuvvetle muhtemel.
Çeviri
Osman Soysal",1
19723,Why Hillary won't unleash WWIII,nan,"No-fly zone would ""require war with # Syria and # Russia "" -- top US general http:// on.rt.com/7q0t - Advertisement - 6:15 PM - 22 Sep 2016 
Predictably, the Clinton (cash) machine has been relentless promoting Hillary's no-fly zone. Whenever cornered, the machine switches the narrative to Russian hacking of the DNC. Edward Snowden, who knows a thing or two about cyberwarfare, stresses there is no solid proof Russian intel hacked the Democratic/Clinton machine. And if they actually did it, the NSA would know. The fact the NSA is mum reveals this is no more than information war. Pass the missile launchers, please 
Trump seems to have been more on the money when he insisted how Hillary will be outsmarted -- as she already was in the past -- when dealing with President Putin, who she has demonized as Hitler. 
I have shown how Hillary will be prevented from launching WWIII because her no-fly zone is already implemented in Syria by Russia. And the Pentagon -- reflecting Dunford's comments -- knows it, no matter how emphatically soon-to-be-unemployed Pentagon head Ash Carter threatens "" consequences ."" 
The Pentagon ranks Russia and China as the number one and two ""existential threats"" to US national security, in that order. And the US government reserves for itself the privilege of a nuclear ""first-strike"" -- which Hillary supports (but not Trump); this is part of the 2002 Full Spectrum Dominance doctrine.",1
19724,Hillary Clinton Warns Against Treating Donald Trump as ‘Normal’ Candidate - The New York Times,Amy Chozick,"Continuing to treat a victory over Senator Bernie Sanders as a fait accompli, Hillary Clinton on Sunday questioned Donald J. Trump’s business record and assailed his ideas, warning that the coming weeks represented a critical period in which, if left unchallenged, Mr. Trump could “normalize himself” as he seeks to broaden his support. But Mr. Sanders pointed to polls showing Mrs. Clinton with dangerously high percentages of people who have unfavorable views of her and asked whether a choice between her and Mr. Trump in the fall would force voters to pick the “lesser of two evils. ” Even as she contends with Mr. Sanders’s unflagging critique from the left, Mrs. Clinton said it was vital for her to pivot to confront Mr. Trump now, lest he successfully repackage himself for wider consumption, rather than appealing to the Republican primary electorate alone. “I do not want Americans and, you know,   Republicans, as well as Democrats and independents, to start to believe that this is a normal candidacy,” Mrs. Clinton said of Mr. Trump’s campaign on NBC’s “Meet the Press. ” “I know he has a plurality of Republicans who have voted for him,” she added. “But I think in the course of this campaign, we are going to demonstrate he has no ideas. There’s no evidence he has any ideas about making America great, as he advertises. He seems to be particularly focused on making himself appear great. And as we go through this campaign, we’re going to be demonstrating the hollowness of his rhetoric. ” Mrs. Clinton also poked at Mr. Trump’s failure to release his tax returns. Told that Mark Cuban, the media executive and owner of the Dallas Mavericks, had expressed interest in being her running mate, Mrs. Clinton said she was “absolutely” open to considering business leaders, not just elected officials. “Businesspeople, especially successful businesspeople, who are really successful  —   as opposed to pretend successful  —   I think, have a lot to offer,” said Mrs. Clinton, whose campaign has begun taunting Mr. Trump with a #PoorDonald hashtag on Twitter, suggesting that he is not nearly as wealthy as he claims. Mr. Trump has cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as his reason for keeping his tax returns private. “We’ve got to get below the hype,” Mrs. Clinton said. “I think we’re beginning to find out, but I don’t think we know enough, and that’s why he should release his tax returns. ” In choosing a running mate, Mrs. Clinton said she would seek, above all, someone prepared to be president and “someone you can work with  —   someone you believe will be a good partner. ” Mrs. Clinton’s intense focus on Mr. Trump came as a new ABC   Post poll showed the two    among registered voters in a general election matchup, after Mrs. Clinton had led by nine percentage points in March. Voters have widely unfavorable opinions of both candidates: 53 percent expressed such a view about Mrs. Clinton and 60 percent about Mr. Trump. Mr. Sanders, however, vowed on Sunday to fight all the way to the Democratic convention in July, pointing to polls that indicated he would fare better against Mr. Trump than Mrs. Clinton would. In several television interviews, he complained that Democratic superdelegates had thrown their support to Mrs. Clinton before he had even entered the race. “I ask those superdelegates to take a look at which candidate is the stronger to defeat Donald Trump,” Mr. Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week. ” “I don’t want to see the American people voting for the lesser of two evils. ” When the host George Stephanopoulos followed up by asking if he saw Mrs. Clinton as “the lesser of two evils,” Mr. Sanders backed away slightly. “Well, if you look at  —   no, I wouldn’t describe it, but that’s what the American people are saying,” he said, citing her unfavorable ratings. Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton will be campaigning hard in California, which holds its primary on June 7. In Vista, Calif. on Sunday, Mr. Sanders told a cheering crowd that he was the strongest Democratic candidate to defeat Mr. Trump and that he hoped to have 50 percent of the total pledged delegates by the end of voting. He also stressed that his campaign had more “enthusiasm” and “energy” than his rival’s. “Our vision of social justice, of economic justice, of racial justice and of environmental justice  —   our vision is the future of this country,” Mr. Sanders said. “And I hope the leadership of the Democratic Party understands it must be the vision of the Democratic Party. ” Mrs. Clinton drew criticism from some Democrats and Republicans recently after telling voters she would put her husband, former President Bill Clinton, “in charge of revitalizing the economy” and job creation. On Sunday, she clarified her intentions, saying his role would be advisory, not ministerial. “I am going to ask my husband, who has a great track record in creating jobs, putting people back to work, revitalizing communities, to be in an advisory role working with me, working with our cabinet, to try to figure out what we can do” in particularly   areas, Mrs. Clinton said on NBC. “You know, every first lady has taken on special projects. ”",0
19725,"Taliban Claim Killing of 7 in Afghan Province, Including New Attorney General - The New York Times",Rod Nordland,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   The newly appointed attorney general of Logar Province, just one hour into his job, was among seven people killed on Sunday when two Taliban insurgents attacked as his inauguration ceremony was ending, Afghan government officials said. Salim Saleh, the spokesman for the governor of Logar, said the insurgents attacked the location of the ceremony in the appeals court building in    the provincial capital, at 10:30 a. m. killing the new attorney general, Akram Nejat, and four other government employees as well as two civilians.   others were wounded. The episode was the third   attack in Afghanistan in the past two weeks. The Taliban immediately claimed responsibility for the Logar attack. Zabihullah Mujahid, a Taliban spokesman, said the attack was revenge for the government’s execution of six Taliban prisoners last month, the first such executions in years. Ahmad Nader Naderi, a senior adviser to President Ashraf Ghani, said that Mr. Nejat was one of more than 100 new judicial officials appointed in an anticorruption drive. The appointments were reviewed personally by Mr. Ghani, who took the news of Mr. Nejat’s assassination hard, Mr. Naderi said. “Tell his family I’m very saddened,” Mr. Naderi quoted the president as saying. Mr. Naderi said that attacks on judicial workers reflected an effort by insurgents to undermine faith in the government’s anticorruption drive. The authorities in Logar said the two attackers had apparently hidden inside the courthouse the night before, and attacked from inside once the ceremony had ended, as officials were exchanging congratulations and meeting  . Fighting went on for 90 minutes before the attackers were killed by Afghan police forces, Mr. Saleh said. The authorities had said earlier that three attackers were involved, but revised that number downward when only two bodies were found. Last week, Taliban insurgents, dressed in burqas, attacked a courthouse in Ghazni Province, killing six people, most of them civilians. The Taliban also attacked a minibus carrying court employees in Kabul on May 25, killing 10 officials. In a second attack on Sunday, a prominent member of the Afghan parliament, Sher Wali Wardak, was killed by a bomb planted in the electric meter box on the wall outside his home in Kabul, said Gen. Zaher Zaher, the head of the ministry of interior’s criminal investigation division. The Taliban also claimed responsibility for that killing.",0
19726,"At Boeing, Donald Trump Highlights ’Jobs First’ Agenda - Breitbart",Charlie Spiering,"President Donald Trump traveled to South Carolina to celebrate Boeing’s new   Dreamliner plane, promising to bring more jobs back to the United States. [“As your president, I’m going to do everything I can to unleash the power of the American spirit and to put our great people back to work,” Trump said.  Trump delivered his speech at the Boeing manufacturing plant, with the new plane behind him. “The name says it all. Dreamliner. Great name,” Trump said. “Our country is all about making dreams come true. ” The president took the opportunity to proclaim his jobs agenda. “This is our mantra, buy American and hire American. We want products made in America, made by American hands,” he said. Trump spoke in front of a crowd of supporters and factory workers, some of them chanting “  !” as he took the stage. The president teased the possibility of making a big order of Boeing   Super Hornets for the United States military, but admitted that the Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was a “tough negotiator. ” Trump recognized that South Carolina was the home of many of the Armed Forces, vowing to make sure the military was equipped properly. “As George Washington said, ‘Being prepared for war is the best way to prevent it,’” Trump said. “Peace through strength. We build a military might so great  —   and we are going to do that  —   that none will dare to challenge it. ”",0
19727,Black Community Early Vote Count Down; Clinton Camp Concerned,"Joe Wolverton, II, J.D.","Email 
As Election Day approaches, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton knows that she must be able to count on the votes of the black community, a bloc that has been a reliable Democratic constituency for decades. 
In light of some of the revelations in the WikiLeaks e-mail dump, the Clinton campaign is worried that they may actually have a fight on their hands on Tuesday for the support of African Americans. 
Even President Obama senses the danger. 
In an article covering a campaign stop in North Carolina made by the current Oval Office occupant, CBS News reported on November 3 that Obama ""worries now the black vote 'is not as solid as it needs to be' for Hillary Clinton."" 
His fears may be well-founded. Here's the situation as reported by CBS News: An Associated Press analysis of early voting data in North Carolina shows blacks have cast 111,000 fewer ballots than at this point four years ago, when Obama lost the state by about 92,000 votes. Clinton aides note that GOP officials there reduced early voting sites for the initial week of early voting, and they say they can make up the difference by Election Day now that more sites are opening. Black voters’ share of early ballots request is also down a few percentage points in Florida and Ohio, though the Clinton campaign points to strong early turnout in key urban counties with large numbers of blacks and Hispanics. 
It's not as if Hillary Clinton is just sitting back, trusting that blacks will show up for her on Election Day. She's attacking her Republican opponent, Donald Trump, calling him a threat to the black community. Again, from CBS News: Her [Hillary Clinton's] campaign is broadcasting an ad on black-audience radio stations hailing the former secretary of state as “fighting for us,” in contrast to Trump “demeaning our community.” A female voice in the ad says, “Listen to how he talks about us.” One audio clip has Trump singling out a black supporter at a rally in California: “Look at my African-American over here,” he said. In another, Trump lambasted Obama as “the most ignorant president in our history.” 
There is evidence, however, that some black voters are focused less on what Trump said about President Obama in a stump speech and more on what Clinton said about African Americans when she thought no one was listening. 
Black Conservatives Fund (BCF), a non-profit organization dedicated to representing the views of center-right African American voters, just launched a targeted paid media campaign intended to reach minority millennial voters in swing states who are still considering the qualities of the two major party candidates running for the White House. 
Their advertising features two spots highlighting Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton’s previous comments expressing contempt for black Americans, calling them “super-predators” and claiming they’d make up her “firewall” against Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the 2016 primary. 
The ad, “Hillary Hates,” features the candidate’s 1996 comments where she was caught using racially divisive undertones to champion a bill that ultimately locked up a generation of black men. The ad also uses 2016 footage of her run-ins with Black Lives Matter protesters. “We’re not just the only conservative group going after black voters on television — we’re the only group, period,” Black Conservatives Fund Senior Adviser Ali Akbar said. 
With a television buy in Ohio and North Carolina, the ad is supplemented by a sizable digital buy that spans across Facebook, Instagram, and smaller, highly targeted web publications. The cable time has been reserved across BET, CNN, ESPN, HGTV, and USA networks in these states. 
The digital ad buy stretches into at least three other states not being targeted on television. In total, the group has planned a six-figure commitment to their advertising campaign for the remainder of the 2016 general election, hoping to move the needle away from a candidate who, when the election isn't days away, uses language to describe black voters that would cause substantial media furor if such statements were made by a Republican presidential hopeful. 
“Make no mistake: our aim isn’t to suppress African American votes. Instead, we’re telling black voters to make sure they participate in this election, but they need to remember what Hillary Clinton thinks of them,” Akbar said. “We are confident that our message will have significant reach, since Democrats have neglected advertising to them this cycle.” 
Akbar's message might be reaching the right homes, as even the New York Times has reported that early voting among blacks is down in key states and that this electoral anomaly might turn out to be ""canary in a coal mine"" indicating that black voters aren't as monolithic or as easily duped as the Clinton campaign and the DNC thinks they are. From the Times article published on November 1: African-Americans are failing to vote at the robust levels they did four years ago in several states that could help decide the presidential election, creating a vexing problem for Hillary Clinton as she clings to a deteriorating lead over Donald J. Trump with Election Day just a week away. As tens of millions of Americans cast ballots in what will be the largest-ever mobilization of early voters in a presidential election, the numbers have started to point toward a slump that many Democrats feared might materialize without the nation’s first black president on the ticket. 
For its part, the BCF has not been a backer of Trump from the beginning. In fact, during the primary campaign, the group endorsed, contributed to, and made independent expenditures for Dr. Ben Carson and then Senator Ted Cruz. 
Subsequently, BCF focused on down-ballot races and driving Hillary Clinton’s negatives higher with black voters. The PAC has been recognized by outlets such as National Review for being one of the most efficient grassroots PACs. 
“Once every four years the black community is courted then subsequently abandoned by Hillary Clinton Democrats,” Akbar concluded. “Amid numerous protests by black millennials against Hillary Clinton’s candidacy, the black vote was again taken for granted. No more.” 
Despite the valiant efforts of the BCF and other constitutionally minded, liberty-loving black voters, it is almost certain that Hillary Clinton will run away with the black vote by a substantial margin. 
That isn't the issue, though. The issue is that we may be witnessing the early days of a generational shift by the African American community away from being a Democratic Party ""fire wall"" — as Clinton dismissively declared them — and toward being a voting bloc that doesn't turn a blind eye to the disrespectful and dismissive way it has been treated by a Democratic Party that does little to improve the quality of life of this important and politically powerful minority.  ",1
19728,"All Donated Blood in U.S. Should Be Tested for Zika, F.D.A. Says - The New York Times",Catherine Saint Louis,"The Food and Drug Administration on Friday took steps to safeguard the nation’s blood supply from the Zika virus, calling for all blood banks to screen donations for the infection even in states where the virus is not circulating. The recommendations are an acknowledgment that sexual transmission may facilitate the spread of Zika even in areas where mosquitoes carrying the virus are not present. Officials also want to prepare for the possibility that clusters of local infection will continue to pop up in parts of the United States for years to come. “There could be multiple outbreaks of Zika happening outside the known current ones in South Florida, but because we are not actively looking they could be happening silently,” said Dr. Peter J. Hotez, the dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine, who applauded the F. D. A. ’s move. Without federal funds, it is generally not possible for local health departments to conduct active surveillance for Zika virus in the blood or urine of patients with fever or rash, he added. “In some ways the inaction from Congress has forced the F. D. A. to adopt this position,” Dr. Hotez added. “They have no other choice. ” The agency urged blood centers to use one of two experimental tests intended to detect active infections, called nucleic acid tests, before releasing donated blood for use in transfusions. As an alternative, banks may decontaminate plasma and platelets with   pathogen reduction technology. But the recommendations are likely to pose a significant challenge for some blood banks and for the   labs that perform much of the blood screening nationwide, some experts said. Eleven states must put the new safeguards into place within four weeks. They include Alabama, Arizona, California, Georgia, Louisiana, New York and Texas, which have many residents who travel to   countries or are near an area that already has locally acquired   cases. Other states have 12 weeks to carry out the recommendations. “This is a bombshell, because this is extremely rapid introduction of a new test nationwide that’s almost unprecedented,” said Dr. Jeffrey McCullough, emeritus professor of laboratory medicine and pathology at the University of Minnesota Medical School. “To try to implement this, in four weeks, is really, really difficult. ” Yet the new safeguards also are necessary, Dr. McCullough said. Under current guidelines, it is too difficult to identify infected donors by “trying to sort out risky donors by history of where they’ve been or what they’ve exposed to. ” Nationwide, nearly 14 million units of whole blood and red blood cells are collected each year from about seven million donors. Every day, as many as 36, 000 units of red blood cells are given to patients, along with 7, 000 platelet units and 10, 000 units of plasma. Consistent screening of the blood supply is an enormous task. There are more than 11, 500 confirmed cases of Zika virus in states and territories, according to the C. D. C. Nearly 2, 500 of them are people in the continental United States who traveled abroad where   mosquitoes are circulating. More than 30 cases were acquired in Florida. Puerto Rico has been screening all blood donations since March. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in June found that a surprisingly high percentage of donors had signs of active infection with the Zika virus. The F. D. A. provisionally approved two screening tests for Zika in blood donations on an investigational basis in March and June respectively. The first is made by Roche Molecular Systems, and the second by a collaboration between Hologic Inc. and Grifols. Neither test is fully F. D. A approved yet, and the facilities using them are enrolled in a continuing study. As part of Roche’s investigation, four centralized testing labs that screen blood for multiple banks in the South have been “collecting and testing blood for weeks now,” said Tony Hardiman, who leads the blood screening operations at Roche. For the 11 states that need to be ready in a month, he said, “we are pretty much locked and loaded. ” “Our focus now is what do we do for the rest of the country to bring them up in 12 weeks,” he added. Officials at Blood Systems, which operates blood banks in 24 states, said they will be able to test blood donations in California and some Southern states like Mississippi in a month. The company will then work on getting sites in the Rocky Mountain States operational, said Dr. Ralph R. Vassallo Jr. the chief medical and scientific officer. Creative Testing Solutions, a large blood donor testing lab, already is using both experimental Zika screening tests. In Tampa, the company has relied on Roche’s test since the Zika outbreaks began in   County. In its Dallas and Phoenix outposts, C. T. S. has installed two   Panther machines to be able to screen tubes of blood with the   test, in case   mosquitoes arrive along the Gulf Coast. In light of Friday’s F. D. A. recommendations, officials said they will have to train more employees to use new tests and significantly scale up. “We test 35 percent of the blood supply, so in order to be able to do that in all states in 12 weeks, we are going to need additional pieces of equipment,” said Marc Pearce, a spokesman for C. T. S.  —   12 more Panthers and one more machine that runs the Roche test. Asked on a conference call with reporters about funding the new safeguards, Dr. Peter Marks, the director of the F. D. A. ’s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, said, “I can’t speak to the cost of implementation at this time. ” Hospitals may wind up paying more for each unit of blood because of additional screening costs, some experts said. “When hospitals hear this, they will be concerned that they could see a cost increase of up to $8 more per unit,” Dr. Vassallo said, which is roughly how much it costs to screen each unit for the Zika contamination. This month, after the first cases of local transmission in Miami were discovered, some blood banks near Zika hot zones in Florida began screening blood donations. According to Dr. Marks, one donation contaminated with the virus had been found in recent weeks in the state. The bag of contaminated blood was discarded. “The system worked correctly,” Dr. Marks said.",0
19729,"Report: Obama to End Cuban ’Wet Foot, Dry Foot’ Policy - Breitbart",AP,"(Associated Press) The Obama administration is ending the “wet foot, dry foot” policy that granted residency to Cubans who arrived in the United States without visas. [That’s according to a senior administration official, who said the policy change was effective immediately.  The official said the U. S. and Cuba have spent several months negotiating the change, including an agreement from Cuba to allow those turned away from the U. S. to return. The move comes about a week before President Barack Obama leaves office and is likely the last major change he will make to his overhaul of the U. S. relationship with Cuba. The official insisted on anonymity in order to detail the policy ahead of an official announcement.",0
19730,The Purpose of Demonizing Putin,David Swanson,"Excerpted from War Is A Lie by David Swanson. 
W ars are not fought against flags or ideas, nations or demonized dictators. They are fought against people, 98 percent of whom are resistant to killing, and most of whom had little or nothing to do with bringing on the war. One way to dehumanize those people is to replace all of them with an image of a single monstrous individual. 
Marlin Fitzwater, White House press secretary for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, said that war is “easier for people to understand if there’s a face to the enemy.” He gave examples: “Hitler, Ho Chi Minh, Saddam Hussein, Milosevic.” Fitzwater might well have included the name Manuel Antonio Noriega. When the first President Bush sought, among other things, to prove he was no “wimp” by attacking Panama in 1989, the most prominent justification was that Panama’s leader was a mean, drug-crazed, weirdo with a pockmarked face who liked to commit adultery. An important article in the very serious New York Times on December 26, 1989, began “The United States military headquarters here, which has portrayed General Manuel Antonio Noriega as an erratic, cocaine-snorting dictator who prays to voodoo gods, announced today that the deposed leader wore red underwear and availed himself of prostitutes.” Never mind that Noriega had worked for the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), including at the time he’d stolen the 1984 election in Panama. (U.S. outrage at interference in elections is extremely new.) Never mind that his real offense was refusing to back U.S. war making against Nicaragua. Never mind that the United States had known about Noriega’s drug trafficking for years and continued working with him. This man snorted cocaine in red underwear with women not his wife. “That is aggression as surely as Adolf Hitler’s invasion of Poland 50 years ago was aggression,” declared Deputy Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger of Noriega’s drug trafficking. The invading U.S. liberators even claimed to find a big stash of cocaine in one of Noriega’s homes, although it turned out to be tamales wrapped in banana leaves. And what if the tamales really had been cocaine? Would that, like the discovery of actual “weapons of mass destruction” in Baghdad in 2003 have justified war? 
Fitzwater’s reference to “Milosevic” was, of course, to Slobodan Milosevic, then president of Serbia, whom David Nyhan of the Boston Globe in January 1999 called “the closest thing to Hitler Europe has confronted in the last half century.” Except, you know, for all the other ones. By 2010, the practice in U.S. domestic politics of comparing anyone you disagreed with to Hitler had become almost comical, but it is a practice that has helped launch many wars and may still launch more. However, it takes two to tango: in 1999, Serbs were calling the president of the United States “Bill Hitler.” 
In the spring of 1914, in a movie theater in Tours, France, an image of Wilhelm II, the Emperor of Germany, came on the screen for a moment. All hell broke loose. 
“Everybody yelled and whistled, men, women, and children, as if they had been personally insulted. The good natured people of Tours, who knew no more about the world and politics than what they had read in their newspapers, had gone mad for an instant,” according to Stefan Zweig. But the French would not be fighting Kaiser Wilhelm II. They would be fighting ordinary people who happened to be born a little ways away from themselves in Germany. 
Increasingly, over the years, we’ve been told that wars are not against people, but purely against bad governments and their evil leaders. Time after time we fall for tired rhetoric about new generations of “precision” weapons that our leaders pretend can target oppressive regimes without harming the people we think we’re liberating. And we fight wars for “regime change.” If the wars don’t end when the regime has been changed, that’s because we have a responsibility to take care of the “unfit” creatures, the little children, whose regimes we’ve changed. Yet, there’s no established record of this doing any good. The United States and its allies did relatively well by Germany and Japan following World War II, but could have done so for Germany following World War I and skipped the sequel. Germany and Japan were reduced to rubble, and U.S. troops have yet to leave. That’s hardly a useful model for new wars. 
With wars or warlike actions the United States has overthrown governments in Hawaii, Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Philippines, Nicaragua, Honduras, Iran, Guatemala, Vietnam, Chile, Grenada, Panama, Afghanistan, and Iraq, not to mention the Congo (1960); Ecuador (1961 & 1963); Brazil (1961 & 1964); the Dominican Republic (1961 & 1963); Greece (1965 & 1967); Bolivia (1964 & 1971); El Salvador (1961); Guyana (1964); Indonesia (1965); Ghana (1966); and of course Haiti (1991 & 2004). We’ve replaced democracy with dictatorship, dictatorship with chaos, and local rule with U.S. domination and occupation. 
In no case has a U.S. war clearly reduced evil. In most cases, including Iran and Iraq, U.S. invasions and U.S.-backed coups have led to severe repression, disappearances, extra-judicial executions, torture, corruption, and prolonged setbacks for the democratic aspirations of ordinary people. 
The focus on rulers in wars is not motivated by humanitarianism so much as propaganda. People enjoy fantasizing that a war is a duel between great leaders. This requires demonizing one and glorifying another. 
This article was originally published at DavidSwanson.org . Share:",1
19731,Director Joss Whedon Calls Ivanka Trump a Dog,Jerome Hudson,"Social media erupted after Avengers director Joss Whedon attacked President Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner and compared his wife, Ivanka Trump, to a dog. [“Hey, keep your eyes on this fu*king prize too. He’s a Voldemort in training,” Whedon wrote on Twitter Tuesday, sharing a photo of Jared Kushner standing next to Trump in the Oval Office.  “Unlike the Pekingese he married under, can play the long game,” Whedon wrote, comparing Ivanka to the dog breed. Hey, keep your eyes on this fucking prize too. He’s a Voldemort in training,  unlike the Pekingese he married under, can play the long game pic. twitter.   —   Joss Whedon (@joss) January 24, 2017,  Social media users didn’t hesitate to call the director out for his attacks on President Trump’s children. @joss Just so we’re on the same page here. You just called Ivanka a dog because you don’t agree with Trump. Classy.  —   Ryan (@rylandes) January 24, 2017,  @joss The left used to be better than this. You used to be better than this.  —   Actually Three Guns (@NotThreeGuns) January 24, 2017,  Some users pointed out what they called Whedon’s hypocrisy in attacking Ivanka Trump the director is a   feminist. @joss Maybe next time just come out and say ”bitch”. You ain’t fooling anyone with ”Pekingese”. Is this how you fight for women’s rights?  —   Priest Of Gamers 🕹 (@AndyFrogman) January 24, 2017,  @rylandes @GolightlyGrl427 @joss And he supposedly supports women  …    I guess just the ones who wear fake vaginas on their faces,  —   Ster (@Ster24080753) January 24, 2017,  @joss wow calling his wife a dog? I guess it’s OK to demean women as long as you don’t like them or their husbands, eh?  —   Dick Gazinya (@JaDingo) January 24, 2017,  Shortly after Trump’s victory in November, Whedon said Trump cannot “cannot be allowed a term in office. ” “It’s not about 2018. It’s about RIGHT NOW,” he wrote. The   has also used social media to attack other members of the Republican party. Earlier this month, Whedon wrote on Twitter that he hoped House Speak Paul Ryan would be killed in a gruesome way. “Violence solves nothing. I want a rhino to fuck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it’s FUNNY, not because he’s a #GOPmurderbro,” he wrote. Whedon also posted a meme mocking Nicole Kidman as being a “puppet for Trump” after the actress said Americans need to rally around Trump. During the campaign, the director launched the Save the Day PAC, which supported Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential bid. In September, he gathered together cast members of his Avengers films, including Robert Downey Jr. Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle, for an     political PSA.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
19732,Manhunt for Migrant Plotting Toxic Gas Attacks on Seaside Towns,Jack Montgomery,"German police are said to have uncovered evidence of a plot to carry out chemical attacks in British seaside towns while raiding a huge migrant camp. [The authorities were searching the camp for Christmas market killer Anis Amri, but the Tunisian migrant easily evaded his pursuers by taking advantage of the European Union’s borderless Schengen Area, travelling through several countries before being discovered by two Italian police officers in a random   . He shot and injured one of them in the ensuing gunfight, before being killed by rookie cop Luca Scatà.  What the German police did find, according to the Sunday Express, were partially burned documents describing toxic agents and two undisclosed towns on the English seaside, believed to belong to a Syrian chemical weapons scientist. The scientist is thought to be at large in Europe after crossing its external frontier posing as an asylum seeker. Frontex, the EU Border Agency, has previously admitted that there are “no thorough checks or penalties in place for [migrants] making false declarations” allowing individuals who represent a security threat to infiltrate the continent. The scientist was trained by the Assad government but may have transferred his allegiance to Islamist groups working to overthrow the president, and was already subject to a manhunt by American security services. Islamic State has used mustard gas and chlorine gas in Iraq and Syria, but it is feared that this individual may be capable of deploying far more sophisticated toxic agents. Previous reports by Breitbart London have highlighted how easy it for migrants to penetrate Britain’s “porous” borders, and there is a real danger that the fugitive is already in the UK. The revelations follow an admission from the Minister of State for Security, Ben Wallace, that Britain faces the prospect of a “mass casualty” chemical attack at the hands of Islamic State in the near future, with   Muslims as well as migrants posing a threat. “There are traitors,” Wallace told The Sunday Times. “The insider threat   …     is real and can be exploited, and there are people trying to do that as we speak. If it’s hard to get in the front door, then what you try and do is get someone on the inside. ”",0
19733,Cosmic Weather Executive Order: What Does It Mean?,Cache Valley Prepper,"Cache Valley Prepper November 18, 2016 Cosmic Weather Executive Order: What Does It Mean? 
Does the government know something that we don’t about what is going to happen to our power grid? 
The latest executive order on cosmic weather certainly has some folks in the survival community scratching their heads. Do you know why? Because it doesn’t help you much, but leaves you survive on your own. 
President Obama says he recognizes that naturally occurring EMP’s “ could disable large portions of the electrical power grid, resulting in cascading failures that would affect key services such as water supply, healthcare, and transportation. ” 
First off, understand that the type of EMP caused by cosmic weather would only affect equipment connected to the power grid, land lines or other very long conductors, so it would not affect your car … until you need to buy gasoline or you phone … until you need to connect to the internet or a cell tower. 
What we are most concerned about with this type of EMP is damage to the infrastructure that we all depend on, specifically the large transformers in the power grid which are custom built (mostly overseas) and have lead times measured in years. 
Why only address naturally-occurring EMP and not nuclear high-altitude EMP? 
I think the answer to that is simply that existing executive orders, COG (Continuity of Government) and NIPP (National Infrastructure Protection Plan) already cover protection of key infrastructure in the event of acts of war or terror attacks, so that train has already left the station – no power or budget to grab or rights to infringe upon there. 
Why is important, other than that your internet will be down and credit and bank cards won’t work, is that a severe space weather event could knock out the US power grid and reshape the balance of power in the world. 
Russia claims its grid is hardened against EMP and China runs major EMP-response exercises. Every former superpower is making preparations in case of EMP attack and virtually all substantial enemies of the US either are in the process of developing or already have EMP weapons. 
The US has EMP weapons programs and we have upgraded a few key segments of our communications infrastructure, so it is clear that our leadership is aware of the threat EMP poses, but we haven’t funded any significant national preparation. 
Scientists have been beating politicians over the heads with EMP scenarios for decades now, but they don’t seem to care much about it. 
Why hasn’t the US already made preparations in case of EMP? 
According to Dr. Peter Pry, a member of the congressional EMP Commission and executive director of the Task Force on National and Homeland Security, the power industry is afraid of over-regulation. 
That is why it is using its considerable power to lobby against any EMP preparation and crank out junk science a la “lead is good for you because it occurs naturally,”“smoking is not harmful to your health,” and “we would starve without GMO foods and high fructose corn syrup” only this time it’s “EMP only affects the power grid in movies.” 
Don’t let the fact that the rest of the world is united on the matter that the EMP is a threat fool you. Here in the USA, we reserve the right to be ignorant and listen to K Street lobbyists and the best scientists they can buy instead of our best scientific minds. 
Warning have yielded both grassroots and congressional efforts, such as the Shield Act, which have been blocked at every turn by the power lobby for well over a decade now. This opened the door for Barrack Obama, who claims not to need congress because he has a phone and a pen, to step in an issue the executive order. 
In October of last year, the White House published the 2015 National Space Weather Plan, which sets two goals: to improve our detection capabilities (warn us a few hours before the EMP), and to strengthen our capability to respond to the needs of the people after an EMP has damaged the grid. 
Why not a comprehensive EMP plan to harden the grid against both types of EMP? 
Because existing executive orders already cover EMP of the nuclear high-altitude variety under war and terrorism, so there wasn’t any additional power or funding to grab. 
At a glance, the plan seems like perhaps a step in the right direction, but dig deeper and its more social programs and less privacy, thinly disguised as a preparedness plan. About the only thing that could make this plan worse is if it was truly this president’s best effort to protect the nation from EMP. 
Why am I not excited about the government finally creating a plan to deal with EMP, even if it is only naturally-occurring EMP? The Obama regime used this as pretext to violate privacy rights by making GPS constellation data publicly available. Obama’s plans for EMP preparedness don’t mean boo unless they are funded and they will not be funded without congress. Simply passing an executive order does not change that. Most of page 2 of the White House plan is basically a disclaimer that the plan is not a budget document and that funds to carry out the plan would granted through the budget process. An effective POTUS does not simply throw out an idea and then blame congress for not approving funds that don’t exist to implement a plan when there was already another, better plan on the table. Instead of the one-time investment of $2 billion to fix the problem and harden the US electrical again against BOTH kinds of EMP that the Shield Act asks for, it would invest in capability to warn us a few hours ahead of an EMP and then attempt to put Humpty Dumpty back together again after our large transformers have melted . This is a reactive, “social aspirin and Band-aid” patch job that invests in social programs instead of a proactive permanent fix for the chronic problem. No funding for joint DOD – FEMA Training Exercises. Instead he directs the heads of agencies to work together “consistent with their ongoing activities” referring to the 2015 National Space Weather Action Plan. 
Somebody needs to tell the White House that it won’t matter if people have health insurance if they are going to be without electricity for up to 4 years. Maybe that is a length of time they can get their heads around. 
The US has been operating in an utter leadership vacuum for nearly two terms now, arguably much, much longer. We could permanently fix the EMP threat to our grid for about what we spend on climate change research in a year. 
The US could have long ago joined the growing list of nations making earnest preparations against EMP, but is not course our benevolent leader has chosen. 
The FEMA – DOD turf war is going to cost untold millions of lives in a severely damaging EMP 
Hurricane Katrina was a minor event when compared to losing the US electrical grid for years, but it serves as an example of the consequences of the FEMA – DOD turf war. The states tried to handle the disaster themselves to capture Federal funding and everyone had to sit on their hands until they asked for help. 
But by then, they had trouble even contacting the Federal Government to ask for help, so precious time was lost, which translated to lives lost. Then the Federal government sends in FEMA, who sealed off the disaster area and takes its shot at the prize budget money. 
The military still couldn’t do anything until they were asked. FEMA ended up running around like a chicken with its head cut off because it was also outclassed by the scope of the event, losing more time and lives until FEMA finally asks for DOD. 
Why did the DOD need to be involved in Katrina and will they inevitably need to be involved in a large-scale EMP? 
Because FEMA has thousands of employees where DOD has millions. FEMA can call subcontractors and pay them to deliver trailers or loads of supplies. DOD can coordinate colossal airlifts and entire fleets of ships. We cannot handle an emergency of this magnitude without the DOD, so FEMA needs to get let that sink in now, BEFORE an EMP. 
The FEMA budget is not going to matter. FEMA is going to go down in history as crewing the Titanic in this scenario and the post-EMP agency that replaces FEMA will not resemble the pre-EMP FEMA, that is, if the USA even still exists as such after China lays down the terms for the replacement of our large transformers. 
What would a competent leader would have done Fund NASA and the National Foundation of Sciences Studies that would debunk the junk science funded by the power industry lobby. Educate the public about the threat. Pass the Shield Act and harden the grid against space weather and nuclear EMP alike instead of an unfunded plan followed by an executive order. Get the DOD and FEMA working and training together before the catastrophe and give them funding to do it instead of just telling the directors to work together “consistent with their ongoing activities.” 
So what does Obama’s executive order on cosmic weather mean for you? 
It means that, as usual, you are largely on your own. The only preparations that you can count on are ones you have made yourself and with those you trust in your local community. This may actually be better for you than being lied to that your government has everything under control. 
You are better off preparing independently as opposed to believing that Uncle Sam, or someone else, is going to bail you out. 
Be prepared! Get your power generator. Click the banner below to grab this offer and pay in installments for the right power generator for your EMP survival! 
This article has been written by Cache Valley Prepper for Survivopedia. 
References:",1
19734,Москва ввела в эксплуатацию систему по борьбе с превышением скорости,nan,"  
Как пишет Коммерсант, система под названием ""Пит-стоп"" позволяет инспекторам ДПС оперативно задерживать злостных нарушителей скоростного режима, используя данные с автоматических камер, и направлять материалы в суды. 
По данным издания, максимальное наказание, которое применяла ГИБДД за это нарушение с использованием автоматических комплексов ранее составляло 5 тысяч рублей. Теперь же нарушителям грозит лишение прав. 
Таким образом, в распоряжении сотрудников ДПС теперь 50 нетбуков с доступом к данным о всех нарушениях, зафиксированных автоматическими камерами (всего по городу их 934). Инспектор оперативно получает данные о водителях, злостно нарушающих скоростной режим в зоне патрулирования экипажа ДПС - речь идет о превышении скорости на 60 километров в час и выше. 
Решение о преследовании и задержании нарушителя принимается по расчетному маршруту его движения, построенному системой. Если нарушителя удается задержать - составляется протокол, материалы направляются в суд. Если нет - собственнику автомобиля придет штраф.