2017 is going to be a bumpy ride . DISCLAIMER. All articles published on this website reflect the views of their original authors; publication here in no way implies automatic agreement or approval of its contents. “If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.” — Shakespeare, Julius Caesar",1
19739,Hillary Planning Her Escape After a Trump Win With a $1.8 BILLION Money Transfer to QATAR,nan,"Email 

It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. Reports are circulating that the Clinton’s have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn’t plan to allow her or Bill to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e-mail server to gun-running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration, John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million Nantucket mansion in June 2016 as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama’s purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams, however over the last several months these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has. 
The Bush family has been quietly buying property as well with the purchase of 100,000 acres in Paraguay in 2006, yet another country good for the Bush family, since it does not allow extradition to any country if the death penalty is a possibility for the crime. If the corruption is found to go as far back as both of the Bush Administrations with any connections to them being the perpetrators of the events on 9-11, the death penalty would surely be a stipulation of any extradition request. Apparently, if things get going with prosecuting the corrupt and treasonous, the Bush’s plan on getting out of the country as well. 
Interestingly, the Bush family’s Nazi connections dating back to WWII seem to have played a part in the Paraguay purchase since most Nazis fled to South America after WWII. Since George H. W. Bush’s father Senator Prescott Bush was director and shareholder in companies that were connected with institutions financially backing the Nazis, the Bush family has a long history of being associated with Nazis. 
With the movement of huge amounts of funds, selling millions of dollars in real estate, and the purchase of millions in real estate overseas, we are seeing the plans of the corrupt in Washington who have been ripping of our country in the trillions, murdering US citizens in the thousands, and citizens in foreign countries by the millions since 9-11 finally realizing their crimes against humanity is about to be exposed. 
We are also witnessing the change from what amounts to nothing more than a Nazi Dictatorship in Washington to an actual Presidential Administration who not only will look to the Constitution as the basis of all laws, but one who is going to prosecute the criminals in our government and return it to being a government by the people, for the people, and of the people of the USA. Not the Dictatorship over the people, to the people and who disregards the people as we now have in power.",1
19740,Hurricane Donald and the Storms of Changing Climate,DavidSwanson,"Posted on November 10, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
John Feffer argued on Wednesday that Demagogue Donald, whose very existence will lead me to pretend I’m not from the U.S. the next time I’m in Europe, is part of a wider trend that’s already hit Europe hard: 
“The ugliness has been percolating in Europe for some time now. It wasn’t just Brexit, Britain’s unexpected rejection of the European Union. It was the election of militant populists throughout Eastern Europe — Viktor Orban in Hungary, Robert Fico in Slovakia, the party of Jaroslaw Kaczynski in Poland. It was the electoral surge of the National Front in France and the Alternative fur Deutschland in Germany. It was the backlash against immigrants, social welfare programs, and ‘lazy Mediterraneans’ — but also against bankers and Brussels bureaucrats.” 
I think the trend is even wider and deeper if the trend we’re talking about is that of making everything worse, of increasing inequality, of increasing militarism, of destroying the environment, of pushing profit over people. If that’s the trend, the bankers are its vanguard, not its victims, and it has saturated the international establishment almost as thoroughly as it has the rightwing sectarians. 
But the trend Feffer seems to have in mind is one of nationalism or ethnic identity or racism in opposition to global humanitarianism. Feffer’s new dystopian novel, Splinterlands , tells a future of shattered nations and international institutions, replaced with ever smaller and more disastrous warring city states. It’s a vision that should disturb us deeply, a vision of what this world could actually become if it gains nothing in wisdom, miraculously survives its nuclear weapons, and plows right ahead into climate chaos and total capitalist consumption. 
Feffer’s utopia seems to be a globe unified in peace. But his dystopia is not unlike that of an author like Ian Morris whose utopia is a globe unified by imperial war. The great threat on the horizon for both is balkanization or splintering. Feffer sees this brought on by bigotry, militarism, and environmental destruction. Morris sees the threat as, basically, un-Americanism. But where does barbaric tribalism stop and the promotion of more direct local democracy begin? Is bigger always better and smaller always worse? 
Feffer may not think so, because, in fact, a small utopia hidden in one corner of a sinking Titanic of an earth shows up in Splinterlands — something of a Luddite communal organic farm of a sort that essentially exists right now, a creation that cannot save us all or even itself unless expanded to a radically larger scale or duplicated innumerable times. The trick, then, may be to duplicate sustainable and just local living within a global system of nonviolent dispute resolution, cooperation, and fairness. 
Feffer says he thought a Trump figure wouldn’t arrive for four more years — though it’s interesting that a big role in his fictionalized future dismantling of the world is played by a hurricane named Donald. My question is whether Trump’s disastrous arrival might not in some ways be put to good use toward human survival. I’m thinking of a particular good use to which Hillary Clinton’s disastrous arrival would not have leant itself. That is to say, can we not now appeal to other nations to recognize that the presence of U.S. military troops on their soil represents their subservience to the odious Donald Trump, a figure hardly to be imagined as the mythical Barack Obama, man of peace? 
Can we encourage nonviolent resistance to U.S. militarism without encouraging a dive into a dystopian Splinterlands? Can the world refuse to participate in U.S. wars and U.S. weapons dealing while increasing its participation in cooperative non-military endeavors with the United States and the globe? Can U.S.-led war making, and the war making of other nations, come to be understood as the enemy of good globalism, not as the embodiment of UN humanitarian intervention in the affairs of those deemed less developed? 
The alternative to the world figuring out how to resist U.S. wars would seem to be the people of the United States shutting down its war machine from within, without the assistance of the other 96%. But how does that seem to be working out? This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",1
19741,"RIP, Vine",Justin Green,Trending ,1
19742,MMR Vaccines Cause 340% Increased Risk of Autism in African American Infants,noreply@blogger.com (Alexander Light),". MMR Vaccines Cause 340% Increased Risk of Autism in African American Infants Vaccines do cause autism, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been lyi... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/mmr-vaccines-cause-340-increased-risk.html Vaccines do cause autism, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been lying about this fact for years, according to newly uncovered information. As it turns out, the CDC fudged some numbers in a 2003 study it conducted on the MMR vaccine that, if honestly reported, would have revealed   of autism among male African American infants.But the CDC instead shrunk down the sample size of this study to conceal any possible correlation between MMR and autism, in the end publishing what amounts to fraudulent data that has repeatedly be used as ""evidence"" that vaccines do not cause autism. To the contrary, there are major effects of the MMR vaccine that at least three CDC officials who supported the bogus study are now culpable for withholding from the public, possibly resulting in untold thousands of cases of autism .The Focus Autism Foundation (FAF), a nonprofit group committed to raising awareness about autism, broke the news after speaking with a CDC whistleblower who at first came forward in anonymity but has now been revealed as epidemiologist Dr. William Thompson. Dr. Thompson helped lead several studies, including the one in question, that were used by the CDC to conceal   autism.In an interview with the FAF's Dr. Brian Hooker, the father of a child with vaccine-induced autism, Dr. Thompson broke down the history of deception within the CDC dating back to the days of the Tuskegee experiment, which involved government officials withholding treatments from African American men with syphilis as part of a medical experiment.According to Dr. Thompson, a 2003 CDC paper on autism, which was published in the peer-reviewed journal Pediatrics the following year, intentionally obscured data showing that MMR significantly increases a child's risk of autism, particularly when administered before the age of three. And African American boys, he says, have the highest overall risk. ""It's the lowest point in my career, that I went along with that paper,"" confessed Dr. Thompson. ""I went along with this; we didn't report significant findings."" CDC has known since at least 2001 that age when MMR is given affects autism risk Dr. Thompson's bold confession is rocking the health world, a significant portion of which bought into the CDC lie that vaccines do not cause autism: case closed. In truth, the CDC has engaged in a massive fraud against the American people, and really the entire world, by falsely claiming that scientific data debunks the vaccine-autism connection, when it actually shows the exact opposite.It is what famed gastroenterologist Dr. Andrew Wakefield tried to tell the CDC and other government officials more than a decade ago, only to be slandered and falsely accused of fraud himself. But as he explains in a new film, top CDC officials had actually vindicated his original findings, only to eventually succumb to political pressures seeking to bury all evidence of a connection   ""Over a decade ago, Dr. Scott Montgomery and I put forward a hypothesis for MMR vaccine and autism,"" explains Dr. Wakefield in the film. ""The age that you receive the vaccine influences the risk. This makes sense. For some infections like measles, the age of infection changes the outcome. We shared this hypothesis with vaccine officials.... ""A group of senior vaccine safety people at the CDC studied it. It panned out. We were right."" ""By November 9, 2001, nearly 13 years ago, senior CDC scientists knew that younger age of exposure to MMR was associated with an increased risk of autism. In 2004 they published, but they hid the results."" Be sure to watch Dr. Wakefield's film here . By Jonathan Benson  ",1
19743,’Gunshots Behind the Statue of Liberty’: China Declares ’Human Rights Crisis’ in U.S. - Breitbart,Frances Martel,"The Chinese government has published its   human rights report on the United States, condemning America for a variety of alleged “human rights violations” which include widespread gun ownership, “angry” voters in the 2016 elections, and “gunshots lingering in people’s ears behind the Statue of Liberty. ”[Multiple Chinese state media outlets, from the more measured Xinhua news service to the belligerent Global Times, published the   report titled, “The Human Rights Record of the United States in 2016. ” The report repeats many of the concerns of leftist agitators in the United States, emphasizing concerns about race relations and law enforcement while claiming widespread sexism and discrimination against Muslims.  The report does not compare America’s human rights record to that of China, a Communist country which forces women to have abortions as late as eight months into a pregnancy, conducts widespread espionage against its Muslim ethnic minorities (and has banned wearing burqas publicly in Western China) and regularly shuts down media outlets it does not directly control. Instead, the report  —   prepared by China’s Information Office of the State Council  —   condemns the United States for standing up for human rights internationally. “Wielding ‘the baton of human rights,’ it pointed fingers and cast blame on the human rights situation in many countries while paying no attention to its own terrible human rights problems,” the report reads. “With the gunshots lingering in people’s ears behind the Statue of Liberty, worsening racial discrimination and the election farce dominated by money politics, the   human rights defender has exposed its human rights ‘myth’ with its own deeds,” the report declares. The report blames “colonial history, enslavement, racial subordination and segregation, racial terrorism and racial inequality” for the supposedly deteriorating relationship between black and white people in America, while claiming that American “women frequently fell victims to sexual harassment and assault. ” “Muslims suffer increasingly serious discrimination,” the report continues. In accusing America of discriminating against its Muslim population, the Chinese expose themselves post to accusations of hypocrisy. The Uighur population of western China are majority Muslim and greatly inhibited in practicing their religion due to fears on the other side of the country that they are insufficiently loyal to Beijing. Most recently, China mandated that all cars in Xinjiang, its westernmost and most   province, install GPS tracking devices to allow the government full knowledge of where every car in the region is at any given time. China has previously forced Muslim shops to sell alcohol and cigarettes in the region as a way of diluting Islam in Xinjiang and forced Muslim Communist Party officials in the region to forego the Ramadan fast. Uighur Chinese nationals abroad have reported incidents of spying and coercion to prevent them from taking advantage of their freedom of expression in other countries to expose abuses against Muslim Uighurs in China. Nonetheless, the Chinese human rights report concluded America’s population was suffering oppression worth addressing more than their own nationals. The United States “exercised no effective control over guns, law enforcement departments abused their power, and crimes were not effectively contained,” Chinese officials claim, without mentioning that the right to bear arms is ensconced in the nation’s chief governing charter. The Chinese report also condemns the United States’ recent presidential election cycle, without noting that China is a Communist autocracy that does not allow for popular election of its leaders. “In 2016, money politics and    deals had controlled the presidential election, which was full of lies and farces,” the report reads. It goes on to claim the fact that voters were “angry” as a human rights abuse and condemn American media, who “published a lot of biased reports and commentaries during the 2016 election, fully demonstrating their failure in staying objective or impartial. ” The Information Office of the State Council concludes that America is “undergoing a ‘human rights crisis. ’” Beijing periodically releases human rights reports of this nature, weaponizing its critiques of the United States in an attempt to diminish Washington’s influence on international human rights norms. In 2014, the Chinese government went so far as to condemn the United States for broadcasting Jimmy Kimmel Live! a program the Chinese accused of “promoting racial hatred. ” Following the publication of the 2014 report, Chinese media released a report claiming “every aspect of society” in America was racially divided, citing riots in the city of Ferguson, Missouri.",0
19744,Airstrikes on Aleppo Resume as Russia Begins New Offensive in Syria - The New York Times,Anne Barnard and Ivan Nechepurenko,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Warplanes resumed airstrikes on the besieged   sections of Aleppo, Syria, on Tuesday, as Russia began a major new offensive against insurgents battling Syria’s president, Bashar  . Russia’s defense minister, Sergei K. Shoigu, said it had started “a big operation to deliver massive strikes” against the Islamic State and the Levant Victory Front, formerly known as the Nusra Front, in Idlib and Homs Provinces. Jets taking off from Russia’s aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, conducted their first strikes on Syria, the Russian military said, noting that its forces were hitting targets in the two provinces. It was unclear whether the strikes on Aleppo were by Russian or Syrian government warplanes. The fighting shattered the relative calm that had prevailed in the   eastern parts of Aleppo for about three weeks. “Our house is being shaken,” Modar Sheikho, a nurse and antigovernment activist in   Aleppo, said in a text message. “The warplane is still in the sky. ” He shared an audio recording with the roar of a plane and the sound of explosions. Residents reported airstrikes on at least five Aleppo neighborhoods. The extent of the casualties was unclear, but they appeared to include at least three civilians, including a woman, who were killed in the neighborhood of Masaken Hanano, and 10 others who were wounded. There were conflicting reports about whether the attack had consisted of barrel bombs, which are usually dropped from helicopters, or an assault by fighter jets. “Since this morning, until now, dozens of shells and rockets have bombed Aleppo,” Mohammad   a resident of eastern Aleppo, said in a text message, adding that he believed the planes were Russian fighter jets. Mr. Shoigu, at a meeting in Sochi, Russia, with President Vladimir V. Putin, said that a Russian warship, the Admiral Grigorovich, was taking part in this operation, launching cruise missiles against insurgent targets. “For the first time in the history of Russian Navy, the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier took part in combat, too,” he said. “Today, our   fighter jets began to work from this warship. ” Mr. Shoigu also briefed Mr. Putin on what he called the use of chemical weapons by the insurgents. The Russian military said that chemical weapons used by insurgents had caused three deaths of Syrian soldiers, and the hospitalization of dozens of soldiers. On Monday, a Russian fighter jet crashed off the Syrian coast as it tried to return to the Admiral Kuznetsov. The pilot ejected safely, and the Russian Defense Ministry blamed a technical failure. The fighting broke out a day after Mr. Putin spoke to   Donald J. Trump and agreed to cooperate on fighting “international terrorism and extremism,” according to a Kremlin statement. That declaration echoed Mr. Trump’s recent comments that he would try to work with Moscow and with Mr. Assad to fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL or Daesh. Mr. Trump’s comments concerning Syria also received a favorable reaction on Tuesday from the United Nations special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. “What he’s been saying is quite interesting,” Mr. de Mistura said, speaking on the BBC’s “Hardtalk” program. “The focus, the priority, is Daesh, fighting terrorism. Second to do, if possible, a deal with Russia. Both points make a lot of sense. ” The diplomat said he had yet to speak directly to Mr. Trump or his associates. He also emphasized that in his view, the Syria conflict still required “a completely new approach to what is a political solution. ” The Syrian government has tended to call all its opponents terrorists, and Russia makes little distinction among the different groups fighting Mr. Assad. A constant sticking point has been that some of the rebels that the United States has supported have made battlefield alliances with   groups considered terrorists by Moscow and Washington alike. Mr. de Mistura has estimated that perhaps a few hundred of the 10, 000 or so fighters inside besieged eastern Aleppo are affiliated with Al Qaeda rebels say that number is lower and the government says it is higher. The Obama administration has said that fighting the Islamic State is the priority of the United States, not toppling Mr. Assad  —   though that is another stated American aim. Under Mr. Obama, the United States government has continued to support some rebel groups that Washington deems not to be extremist, and it has shunned direct cooperation with Moscow and Damascus, contending that their campaign in Syria has been focused less on defeating extremists and more on battling opposition groups fighting Mr. Assad. The Obama administration has also condemned what it says is indiscriminate bombing by the Syrian government and its Russian allies. A change in American policy under Mr. Trump, who is to take office in January, could involve a shift toward direct cooperation with Mr. Assad and with Russia against the Islamic State.",0
19745,Senior ISIS Strategist and Spokesman Is Reported Killed in Syria - The New York Times,Eric Schmitt and Anne Barnard,"WASHINGTON  —   The senior Islamic State strategist Abu Muhammad   was killed in northern Syria, the group announced on Tuesday, signaling the death of one of the world’s   terrorists. In Washington, the Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, confirmed that an American “precision strike” near Al Bab, Syria, on Tuesday night had targeted Mr. Adnani, but could not confirm his death. “We are still assessing the results of the strike,” he said in a statement. Two American officials, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence, said a United States military drone had hit a vehicle Mr. Adnani was thought to be traveling in, following a close collaboration between the Central Intelligence Agency and Special Operations forces to track him. A founding member of the Islamic State, Mr. Adnani, a    Syrian, was the group’s chief spokesman and propagandist, running an operation that put out slickly produced videos of beheadings and massacres that shocked the world and sent a rush of recruits running to join the group in Syria. Accounts from arrested members of the Islamic State confirmed Mr. Adnani’s role as an operational leader as well. He oversaw the group’s external operations division, responsible for recruiting operatives around the world and instigating or organizing them to carry out attacks that have included Paris, Brussels and Dhaka, Bangladesh. In the context of recent territorial losses in Syria and Iraq by the Islamic State, Mr. Adnani’s death would be another in a series of serious setbacks. But even as the United States has focused much of its counterterrorism operations on targeted strikes against terrorist leaders, analysts say the jury is still out on whether such strikes have been truly effective at curbing groups as a whole. The Islamic State, in particular, has seemed built around the premise of maximum flexibility in the face of attacks. “In isolation, Adnani’s death represents the demise of an important strategic and operational leader of the Islamic State  —   though only one person,” said Seth G. Jones, a terrorism specialist at the RAND Corporation. “Adnani is likely replaceable, and the Islamic State will replace him as they have with other operatives that have been killed. ” In an official statement, the Islamic State said Mr. Adnani had been killed while checking up on the group’s military operations in Aleppo Province. In the northern part of that province, near the Turkish border, the Islamic State is currently under attack by a long list of antagonists. It is facing airstrikes from Turkey, the United States and Russia. And it is under attack on the ground from several directions, by Syrian rebels backed by the United States and Turkey and by   militias that are also backed by the United States. Mr. Adnani was prominent enough that he was frequently the subject of speculative reports about death and injury, including in January, when Iraqi officials announced that he had been critically injured in a strike in the Iraqi province of Anbar. That report was soon proved false. But analysts said it would be highly unlikely for the Islamic State to put out false information about the death of a leader of Mr. Adnani’s significance through its official channels. His death would be a   within the group’s most senior ranks. Mr. Adnani has been in sights of American military and counterterrorism forces for more than two years, and the State Department put a $5 million bounty on him. Intelligence officials in the United States and Europe, as well as arrested members of the group, say that the Islamic State’s external operations unit is a distinct body inside the group, with its    structure answering to Mr. Adnani, who in turn reports only to Abu Bakr   the   caliph of the Islamic State. Mr. Adnani was being groomed to succeed Mr. Baghdadi, analysts said. The Islamic State regularly carries out attacks on civilians and security forces in Iraq and Syria, where it still holds territory. But Mr. Adnani’s unit has focused on attacks abroad. It identifies recruits, provides training, hands out cash and arranges for the delivery of weapons. Although the unit’s main focus has been Europe, external attacks directed by ISIS or those acting in its name have been even more deadly elsewhere. At least 650 people have been killed in the group’s attacks on sites popular with Westerners, including in Turkey, Egypt and Tunisia, according to a New York Times analysis conducted this year. Even as the group has lost much of its territory and operatives from its   mark in 2014 and 2015, the kinds of attacks abroad that Mr. Adnani’s division oversees have continued. In May, Mr. Adnani declared: “Do you think, America, that defeat is by the loss of towns or territory? Were we defeated when we lost the cities in Iraq and retreated to the desert without a city or a land?” He offered an answer: “No, true defeat is losing the will and desire to fight. ” A vital part of the group’s strategy has been to inspire, and in some cases direct, opportunistic attacks against Western interests. In September 2014, Mr. Adnani made an explicit call to Muslims in the West to strike out wherever and however they could. “We will strike you in your homeland,” he warned foreign governments, calling on Muslims to kill Europeans, “especially the spiteful and filthy French. ” And he urged them to do it in any manner they could: “Smash his head with a rock, or slaughter him with a knife, or run him over with your car,” he said, according to a translation provided by the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist propaganda. In the year after that speech, at least two dozen plots linked to the Islamic State were documented. In some, there were no direct operational ties back to Syria, but there were clear signs that the attacker had, at the least, consumed the group’s propaganda online. “During the past decade, when it comes to both orchestrating and inciting violence in the West, no other leadership figures in jihadist groups have proven as dedicated or effective as ” said Michael S. Smith II of Kronos Advisory, a terrorism research and analysis firm, who is writing a book on the Islamic State’s external operations. His blended roles of spokesman and terrorism director is a reflection of the Islamic State’s central strategy: So much of the group’s impact and innovation in the world of violent Islamist extremism came from its new brand of messaging  —   mixing social media reach and savvy with   presentations of its worst atrocities. That in turn gave the group an ability to franchise its terror and expand its reach farther than its military capacity would otherwise go. Mr. Adnani’s real name was Taha Sobhi Falaha, and he was born in the town of Binnish in the northern Syrian province of Idlib. One Binnish resident, Muhammad Najdat Haj Kadour, whose mother was a distant relative of Mr. Adnani, said the family was “super poor. ” Mr. Adnani’s brothers had worked in the orchards of Mr. Kadour’s   grandfather, “watering the olive trees. ” Mr. Adnani was one of the few surviving, still active, founders of the ISIS precursor organization, Al Qaeda in Iraq. That group grew out of the armed Iraqi resistance to American occupation and forged an affiliation with Al Qaeda under Abu Musab  . Back then, the Syrian government was accused of facilitating the flow of foreign fighters, Syrians and others, to Iraq to fight the Americans. Mr. Adnani was among the first foreign volunteers to fight in Iraq. Mr. Adnani had already been arrested twice by the Syrian government when he went to fight in Iraq, according to Mr. Kadour, who is now a Syrian antigovernment activist who opposes the Islamic State. There, Mr. Adnani is believed to have helped found Al Qaeda in Iraq, and to have spent time in the American prison at Camp Bucca  —   a site now seen as the crucible of the Islamic State’s future leadership. Sometime in the first year or so after the Syrian uprising began against President Bashar   in 2011, Mr. Kadour and several other Binnish residents recalled, Mr. Adnani reappeared in town. Mr. Adnani and other members of Al Qaeda in Iraq, especially those with Syrian roots, were arriving in Syria to try to infiltrate the Syrian opposition. They eventually formed the Nusra Front, Al Qaeda’s branch in Syria. Later, the Islamic State split off from Al Qaeda and established itself as a separate group bent on declaring its   caliphate. As it set about literal statebuilding work  —   making street signs telling drivers they were entering the Islamic State, and issuing tickets and tax bills in the northeastern province of Raqqa  —   Mr. Adnani worked to build a virtual state, to publicize the group’s cause as a kind of viral phenomenon. The videos and publications he oversaw were a great success in driving recruitment, and in opening the door to attacks outside of Syria and Iraq. In that capacity, the virtual state he presided over may well outlive the physical one.",0
19746,Rudolph Giuliani Lashes Out at Black Lives Matter - The New York Times,Megan Twohey,"Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, lashed out against the Black Lives Matter movement on Sunday, accusing it of ignoring    crime, inspiring violence against the police and promoting racism. “When you say black lives matter, that’s inherently racist,” Mr. Giuliani said in an appearance on CBS’s “Face the Nation. ” “Black lives matter. White lives matter. Asian lives matter. Hispanic lives matter. That’s   and it’s racist. ” His comments came as the country grappled with pain, confusion and anger after last week’s two fatal shootings of   men by the police and the killing of five police officers in Dallas, the deadliest assault on American law enforcement since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. As members of the Black Lives Matter movement and other concerned citizens pushed forward on Sunday with protests over police shootings, politicians, law enforcement officials and   leaders took to the airwaves, most of them with messages of hope, unity and understanding. Mr. Giuliani, a longtime promoter of aggressive policing, struck a different chord, saying the Black Lives Matter movement had targeted police officers. “They sing rap songs about killing police officers, and they talk about killing police officers, and they yell it out at their rallies and the police officers hear it,” he said. Mr. Giuliani said the movement unfairly focused on killings at the hands of the police when it should be focusing on murders committed by civilians in black neighborhoods. “When there are 60 shootings in Chicago over the Fourth of July and 14 murders, and Black Lives Matter is nonexistent,” he said, “and then there’s one police murder of very questionable circumstances and we hear from Black Lives Matter, we wonder: Do black lives matter, or only the very few black lives that are killed by white policemen?” Terrence Cunningham, the president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, who appeared on the same show, was quick to dismiss Mr. Giuliani’s comments. “I wouldn’t make that connection,” he said. “I wouldn’t say that it’s Black Lives Matter that put a target on those police officers,” Mr. Cunningham continued, adding, “Unfortunately, I think, you know, people have really polarized this issue. If we really want to work towards solutions, we need to work together. ” Sherrilyn Ifill, the president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, who also appeared on the show, suggested that Mr. Giuliani was partly to blame for the rift. “He actually presided over one of the most discredited areas and periods of policing in the City of New York,” she said, “which is, in fact, responsible for a lot of the tension that exists between police officers and people in   communities. ” They were not the only ones to point fingers. In an appearance on ABC’s “This Week,” retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who is considered a potential running mate for Donald J. Trump, criticized Hillary Clinton for saying on Friday that white people needed to start listening to “legitimate cries” from  . Mr. Flynn said that Mrs. Clinton was “totally irresponsible when she talked about white people being to blame. ” William J. Bratton, the New York police commissioner, who appeared on Sunday on multiple shows, was among the many who emphasized unity. “This is a shared responsibility, trying to bridge these differences that are becoming quite evident through many of these videos,” Mr. Bratton said on ABC’s “This Week. ” “We have come a long way we have come a very long way. And I can speak for New York, but quite clearly events this past week show we have really almost just begun the journey. ” Separately on Sunday, as Mr. Trump has faced skepticism from some Republicans over his stances on abortion and other social issues, General Flynn, a Democrat, indicated a willingness to break from his party affiliation. During his appearance on “This Week,” he voiced support for abortion rights and brushed aside the issue of   marriage on the grounds that it was less important than matters like education and immigration.",0
19747,,Countrybunkererd,no doubt.  for their plans to work they need to get rid of the deplorables and such...at ALL costs.  Unfortunately most of them will be signed up to fight in a war they will die in.,1
19748,Even If Elected A Majority of French Wouldn’t Support Macron,Chris Tomlinson,"Current polls show a potential victory for Emmanuel Macron, but a new opinion poll shows his approval rating would be less than 50 per cent even if he wins Sunday. [The news opinion poll conducted by KANTAR   reveals that only 41 per cent of the French people have confidence in the globalist candidate. Even more revealing is that he is not even the most popular as he lags behind   former presidential candidate   Mélenchon who polls at 44 per cent approval, Le Figaro reports.  Macron’s numbers have stagnated at the 41 per cent mark whilst his rival,   migration candidate Marine Le Pen, stands at 29 per cent, but is on the rise. The figures also differ depending on which age group and income bracket are looked at. For retirees and wealthy business elites, Macron is more popular. For the unemployed and working class voters, Ms. Le Pen is much more popular. Last week, the contrast between the two candidates on the issue of the working class vote was made clear when both visited a Whirlpool factory in Macron’s hometown of Amiens which faces closure. Le Pen made a surprise visit to the factory where workers cheered her. When Macron arrived hours later, he was heckled and booed as he tried to explain how globalisation, which was taking their jobs to Poland, was an “opportunity” for them. In cities like Calais in the north of France, Le Pen also has resounding support amongst working class men and women who have found traditional industries gutted by globalisation and French labour laws. The actual support for Macron and his policies could be far lower than 41 per cent according to a survey by   Steria. The polling firms say that a large section of the voters who support Macron are only doing so because they want to oppose Ms. Le Pen rather than believe in the message of the globalist candidate. According to the survey, his true support amongst the French people is only around 20 per cent. Macron is currently projected to win the election on Sunday 60 per cent to 40 per cent. The 20 per cent figure is a significantly low level of confidence in a potential future president of France, though still above the historically low approval ratings of current President François Hollande who polls in the single digits. Le Pen has called Macron the “heir” to Hollande due to his lack of tough policies in dealing with terrorism and his   globalist economic position. If Macron’s polling numbers continue to slide, he could be the heir to Hollande’s unpopular polling numbers, as well. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com ",0
19749,“Executive Orders for Sale”: Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off ‘Laws’ To The Highest Bidder,The Doc,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » “Executive Orders for Sale”: Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off ‘Laws’ To The Highest Bidder 
A new revelation buried in the Wikileaks trove of emails shows discussion of executive orders in relation to an “idea” a wealthy donor has. Corruption doesn’t even begin to cover it if wealthy donors – and even foreign powers – can just write checks, contribute to the Clinton Foundation, etc. – and just buy a law in return… 

by Melissa Dykes, The Daily Sheeple via SHTFPlan : 
Editor’s Comment: Unaccountable power multiplies, but this is astounding. This is a very good example of the reasons that the founders sought to limit and check power. But of course, over the years, those protections have been whittled down, and the loopholes are big enough drive tanks through. Corruption doesn’t even begin to cover it if wealthy donors – and even foreign powers – can just write checks, contribute to the Clinton Foundation, etc. – and just buy a law in return. 
Why is no one standing up to this tyranny? Critics have taken George W. Bush and Barack Obama to task for abusing their power to write executive orders – and legislate with a pen when they have no constitutional power to make law at all. But Hillary, before she even takes power, is already leaving these two in the dust. So everyone is just going to take it, along with the ‘first female’ t-shirts they will be sending out as promos in the mail? 
As MLK famously wrote from his Birmingham jail cell: “At first glance it may seem rather paradoxical for us consciously to break laws. One may well ask: “How can you advocate breaking some laws and obeying others?” The answer lies in the fact that there are two types of laws: just and unjust. I would be the first to advocate obeying just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws. I would agree with St. Augustine that “an unjust law is no law at all.” 
Executive Orders for Sale? Leaked Email Shows Hillary Camp Answering Wealthy Donor’s Questions about How Executive Orders Work 
by Melissa Dykes 
If you already thought the Executive Order system falls somewhere between problematic and completely unconstitutional, this takes it to a whole new, never before seen level of corruption. 
Thanks to all the leaks, America now knows our government is essentially one giant pay-for-play operation. That’s how it works. That’s how the DNC works. That’s how the Clinton Foundation works. 
But how far does that go? 
How about bypassing Congress entirely with money in the most literal sense possible. 
This leaked email chain hints at something that kind of makes votes and lobbyists and, well, all of it rather pointless. 
If someone’s wealthy enough, can they straight up buy an executive order? 
These days, the president uses Executive Orders to bypass Congress, even though there is no constitutional provision that explicitly permits the use of executive orders. It’s a system that’s been heavily abused in the past but now, apparently, it’s for sale . 
A new revelation buried in the Wikileaks trove of tens of thousands of Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails shows him discussing executive orders in relation to an “idea” a wealthy donor has. 
In a leaked email thread between Podesta and Mary Pat Bonner, a “donor adviser” who gets millions for her elite connections in bringing in donors and for being what The New York Times describes as a “master of making donors happy,” it’s all but admitted that Executive Orders are another pay-for-play item on the corrupt American political menu. 
Read this from the bottom up: 
(click to enlarge) 
In an email with the subject line, “Is there someone in your shop,” Bonner writes, “Who totally understands ‘executive orders’. It is to answer a very big donors questions.” 
Podesta responds with simply, “Me.” 
Bonner: “It is for Michael King.” 
Podesta: “What does he need?” 
Bonner: “He has an idea and just need answer [sic] to a bunch of easy questions about how this works.” 
Oh goody. Mega wealthy donor Michael King has an “idea” about executive orders… 
The Michael King they are likely referencing is rich TV mogul Michael King, the exec who inherited King World Productions later acquired by CBS. To give you an idea, King World Productions launched Harpo’s The Oprah Winfrey Show and Dr. Phil’s talk show. 
Back in 2012, Bill Clinton teamed up with King on a pricey fundraiser for President Obama at King’s Pacific Palisades estate where tickets ranged from general seating starting at $1,000 and went all the way up to $40,000 premium seats with meet-and-greets. 
While on the campaign trail over a year out from the election, Hillary Clinton has already vowed she will use Executive Orders to pass gun control regulations, for example. 
Based on this email thread, you have to wonder what other EOs Hillary plans to pass as president… and whose “idea” they are. 
And how much that idea cost. This entry was posted in World News . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",1
19750,Who I'm Voting For...,nan,× Log In We recommend using Facebook so we can connect you with your existing friends on Films For Action. We will never post anything without your permission. Log in with Facebook,1
19751,Serbian president: EU’s membership conditions ‘humiliating’,Kaitlyn Stegall,"October 26, 2016 Serbian president: EU’s membership conditions ‘humiliating’ 
Serbia’s president has accused the European Union of setting “humiliating” conditions for the Balkan country’s membership. 

Tomislav Nikolic told visiting Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar that Serbia would move to adopt the EU’s fundamental principles and values even though the 28-nation bloc is in crisis. 

Nikolic did not say which EU conditions he finds humiliating, but may have been referring to demands from some members for Serbia to recognize the breakaway former province of Kosovo as an independent country. 

Serbia, a traditional ally of Russia, wants to join the EU, but has been under intense pressure from the Kremlin to reconsider. 

Moscow has backed Serbia in its dispute with the West over Kosovo, which declared independence from Serbia in 2008. Belgrade has refused to accept Kosovo’s as a separate republic.",1
19752,The Orlando Shooter’s 911 Calls Were Finally Released — and They’re Very Telling,The Anti-Media,"
By Alice Salles
In June, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) released a heavily redacted snippet of the transcript of Omar Mateen’s calls with the 911 dispatchers and police. Mateen, the murderer behind the brutal June killing of 49 nightclub goers in Orlando, Florida, had called 911 amid the massacre, and negotiators then called the killer several times throughout the evening.
At the time of the transcript’s release, the public denounced the FBI and the Department of Justice (DOJ) for censoring the Orlando shooter’s pledge of allegiance to the Islamic State (ISIS). Claiming the omission was meant to ensure would-be terrorists wouldn’t have a “publicity platform,” officials added the transcripts had distracted the public from “ the hard work that the FBI and our law enforcement partners have been doing to investigate this heinous crime .”
But when the FBI released the full transcripts in September, the documents offered us a closer look into the motives behind Mateen’s actions, which had also been confirmed by one of the hostages. Unfortunately, few pundits dared to bring that information up on primetime television.
Now that the full audio recordings of the calls between the shooter and 911 dispatchers have been made public , Mateen’s comments regarding U.S. military interventions abroad are being brought up again.
The audio recordings were released following an order from Circuit Judge Margaret Schreiber. Orlando city attorney Darryl Bloodworth recently promised the city would no longer keep the tapes under wraps, which prompted the judge’s order. The city had been the number one obstacle between journalists and the tapes, claiming their release would “ be a violation of a Florida law that makes photographs, videos or audio recordings showing ‘the killing of a person’ exempt from disclosure, available only to family members .”
In one of the released calls, Mateen can be heard insisting the police negotiator tell “ the US government to stop bombing,” and when the negotiator asks Mateen to tell him where he is, he answers , “ No, because you have to tell America to stop bombing Syria and Iraq .”
The U.S. government, Mateen continues , “ [is] killing too many children, they are killing too many women, OK? … So what am I to do here, when my people are getting killed over there? You get what I’m saying? ” When asked about “what is going on tonight,” Mateen adds :
“ What’s going on is that I feel the pain of the people getting killed in Syria and Iraq and all over the Muslim [unidentified word] .”
As Mateen is pressed to give the negotiator more information, he becomes more hostile and hangs up repeatedly. Asked for his name, Mateen responds with the following:
“ You’re speaking with the person who pledged his allegiance to the Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. ”
At one point during the conversation, Mateen asks the negotiator to call him “ Mujahedeen, call me the Soldier of God. ”
While several calls were made, Mateen resisted giving the negotiator any further information, repeatedly referring to the U.S. bombings of Iraq and Syria and even going as far as to accuse the United States of collaborating with Russia, “ and … killing innocent women and children .”




On June 12, 5 a.m., Orlando police and Orange County deputies entered Pulse nightclub and killed Mateen in a shootout . The audio released by the city is one of over 200 other phone calls made to 911 during the shooting. These recordings remain under review by Judge Schreiber, TC Palm reported . Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The “Anti” in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. ",1
19753,"To Understand Clinton’s Moment, Consider That It Came 32 Years After Ferraro’s - The New York Times",Alison Mitchell,"The scenes blend like images from a kaleidoscope. A woman, blond, jubilant in a white dress, shown magnified on a convention center screen in San Francisco. It is Geraldine A. Ferraro in 1984 accepting the Democratic nomination that made her the first woman in the nation to be tapped by a major party to run for vice president. Turn the lens. A woman, blond, in a white tunic, smiling, arms thrown wide at a rally in Brooklyn this past week. It is Hillary Clinton claiming the Democratic nomination, the first woman to become the presidential   for a major party. There are those who now say that a woman running for president was inevitable, that the 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling that Mrs. Clinton talks about are just time moving on. There are the sighs that Mrs. Clinton is the wrong woman, the unexciting woman, the compromising woman. And there are those who say they could never vote for a Democrat, particularly this one. But it took 32 years to get from one scene to the other, so a look back to the Ferraro campaign can tell a lot about how the country has changed, and how it has not, through these decades of cultural ferment over the roles of the sexes. It may be hard to remember how few women there were in public life when Ms. Ferraro told cheering Democrats, “If we can do this, we can do anything. ” The Democrats had no female senators. (The Republicans had two.) There was only one female governor  —   Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky, a Democrat. Dianne Feinstein was still the mayor of San Francisco, yet to start her long Senate career. Representative Shirley Chisholm of New York, who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination in 1972, had already retired. Women have since become the majority in college, and women in both parties have made a steady march forward in politics. Some are senators and governors and three have been secretary of state, all making the idea of a woman at the helm of the nation seem far less revolutionary. Ms. Ferraro was quizzed relentlessly about arms control and about whether she could even be credible as the commander in chief should she have to step up and be president. Could a woman be trusted with the nuclear button? But with her background as secretary of state, Mrs. Clinton is not questioned about her toughness. Instead, the left asks whether she might be too quick to seek military intervention and the right critiques her judgment. She is the one now asking whether Donald J. Trump’s finger should be anywhere near the nuclear button. In other ways, things have changed less. As Mrs. Clinton, Sarah Palin and Carly Fiorina can attest, female candidates are still examined not only for competence, character and policy priorities, but for the way they look, the tone of their voice and the state of their marriages. For Ms. Ferraro it was the tangled financial dealings of her husband, John Zaccaro, his subsidy of her first congressional campaign, and her back and forth on whether she would release his tax returns, which she tried to brush off with the damaging quip, “You people who are married to Italian men, you know what it’s like. ” Now Mr. Trump promises to keep the Clinton marriage, and the former president’s infamous infidelities, in the spotlight. Mrs. Clinton time and again had to help save her husband’s candidacy and presidency, tarnishing her feminist credentials for some. (“I’m not sitting here  —   some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette,” she said way back in 1992, when his run for president nearly foundered. “I’m sitting here because I love him, and I respect him, and I honor what he’s been through and what we’ve been through together. ”) And then there is the press corps. Politico recently wrote of the current crop of Clinton reporters, “No one can remember a political press corps this heavily female. ” I can. It was the Ferraro press corps, and I was part of it. I was dispatched to the campaign  —   like women from most major networks and publications  —   because editors sought women to capture the history of one of their own at a time when we were breaking into the ranks of the campaign press. Perhaps, we occasionally suspected, some of them also thought it would be beneath a man to ride that campaign plane. As a reporter for Newsday, I watched the euphoric, rapturous crowds, mostly women and girls who showed up with “To Gerry with Love” signs, even in the campaign’s last days, when it was going down to a decisive defeat to President Reagan and George Bush. Some campaign bands could make you wince, playing “Five Foot Two, Eyes of Blue” or “Hello, Dolly!” There were the strange male missteps: the mayor of Los Angeles saying he wanted “a vice president I can hug,” the Mississippi official who called Ms. Ferraro “young lady” and asked whether she could bake a blueberry muffin. The grim drumbeat about her husband’s finances, his real estate dealings and his tax returns. There was the constant watch for weakness  —   would the woman cry? It is easy to forget those moments these days, when women in power don’t seem so unusual. If you have a long memory you have watched other women on the national stage, too. Representative Patricia Schroeder explored a Democratic race in 1987, after Gary Hart stood down. Senator Elizabeth Dole dropped out of the Republican presidential race in October 1999 before any of the primaries. Former Senator Carol Moseley Braun ran in the Democratic primaries in 2004. Governor Palin of Alaska became the first Republican woman nominated for the vice presidency in 2008  —   24 years after Ms. Ferraro. And we have been watching Mrs. Clinton for so long, through so many iterations, that it can feel like we know everything about her. But in the 1980s the quest to put a woman in the White House started as a cause without a candidate. It was driven by women’s groups and by the numbers. The notion of a gender gap was being talked about by both parties. Suddenly it was significant that more women than men registered to vote and that women seemed more likely to vote. The Equal Rights Amendment had collapsed, failing to win the required ratification of   of the states. Politically active women in the feminist movement, including Bella Abzug and Gloria Steinem, wrote a manifesto to the Democratic candidates for president in 1983 warning them to agree on an agenda for issues affecting women or face the possibility of women staying home on Election Day: “We will not hold still to be treated as an afterthought, a side issue, or a powerless constituency that can be betrayed without consequences. ” By 1984, they were fighting to get a woman on the ticket. When Walter F. Mondale selected Ms. Ferraro as his running mate, she was a   congresswoman from Queens. She came from New York, which had unexpectedly swung to Ronald Reagan in his 1980 landslide. Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. was a mentor and proponent. She was pretty, married, 48 years old and traditional enough that party leaders thought she could excite women but might not alienate male voters. “What is different,” says Ann Lewis, a longtime Democratic activist, “is that Hillary Clinton in the last   years has achieved national stature in ways that too few women have. Gerry Ferraro is nominated in 1984 and she is almost unknown. It isn’t until 1986 that Barbara Mikulski becomes the first Democratic woman who makes it to the Senate in her own right. ” The mood at that convention was electric. But the choreography around this first woman could also be tortured. How should Mr. Mondale and Ms. Ferraro share the stage? Could they touch? They shouldn’t hug. Who should hold her pocketbook when she spoke? “It sounds so strange now, but everything was being done for the first time,” Ms. Lewis said. “We had until then lots of images of women and men on stage together, but they were married. All the stage craft we had taken for granted had to be looked at very carefully. ” Madeleine K. Albright was Ms. Ferraro’s issues adviser, briefing the candidate on foreign policy and preparing her for her race against Mr. Bush, years before Ms. Albright became the nation’s first female secretary of state in the Clinton administration. She remembers some of the jarring juxtapositions of that candidacy. “There was the business about what she had on and what her hair looked like,” she recalls. “On the other side was her being asked questions about throw weights and nuclear capabilities that they weren’t asking Bush. ” On “Meet the Press,” Ms. Ferraro was once asked, “Do you think that in any way the Soviets might be tempted to try to take advantage of you simply because you are a woman?” By November, the disclosures about Ms. Ferraro’s husband’s businesses had damaged a campaign that was already an uphill battle. Though women and girls showed up at her rallies to the end, TV network polls showed that she may have cost the Democratic ticket more than she gained for it. Looking back, was the scrutiny of Ms. Ferraro, who died in 2011, fair game or driven by discomfort with the idea of a woman as vice president? Ms. Ferraro’s campaign manager, John Sasso, calls it some of both. “Experience matters,” he said, noting that because Mrs. Clinton has the deep résumé that Ms. Ferraro lacked, she will run and face a very different campaign. This time, of course, the first woman is at the top of the ticket, calling all the shots. “She’s been on the front lines of this process for a very long time,” said Lissa Muscatine, a friend and former speechwriter to Mrs. Clinton. “She’s been the vessel for lots of women’s hopes on the one hand, but also has had to take the brunt from people who aren’t ready for it. ” Mrs. Clinton’s detractors look dimly on appeals to support her as a pathbreaker. “I’m not a huge fan of identity politics and this is sort of the apotheosis of identity politics,” said Danielle Pletka, senior vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. “Basically, to me Hillary Clinton is saying: ‘I wasn’t good enough to get here on my own. Forget that people voted for me on the merits, they voted for me because I was a woman.’ How demeaning is that?” On Friday, Ms. Fiorina, who ran for the Republican presidential nomination this year, told a crowd, “Hillary Clinton, news flash. I’m a feminist and I’m not voting for you. ” Maybe Hillary Clinton is right  —   that she has become our national Rorschach test. Do you admire her perseverance? Dislike her compromises? Seek more passion? Question her honesty? Ponder her marriage? Love her policies? Hate her policies? Debate whether she is a feminist? Debate whether it matters? For one night last week, it was hard to deny her words that “tonight caps an amazing journey  —   a long, long journey. ”",0
19754,One Robber’s 3 Life Sentences: ’90s Legacy Fills Prisons Today - The New York Times,Timothy Williams,"BURKEVILLE, Va.  —   Lenny Singleton is the first to admit that he deserved an extended stay behind bars. To fuel his crack habit back in 1995, he walked into 13 stores over eight days and either distracted a clerk or pretended to have a concealed gun before stealing from the cash register. One time, he was armed with a knife with a   blade that he had brought from his kitchen. Mr. Singleton, 28 at the time, was charged with robbery and accepted a plea deal, fully expecting to receive a long jail sentence. But a confluence of factors worked against him, including the particularly   judge who sentenced him and the   ethos of the time against users of crack cocaine. His sentence was very long: two life sentences. And another 100 years. And no possibility for parole. There is a growing consensus that the criminal justice system has incarcerated too many Americans for too many years, with liberals and conservatives alike denouncing the economic and social costs of holding 2. 2 million people in the nation’s prisons and jails. And Congress is currently debating a criminal justice  bill that, among other provisions, would reduce mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent offenders. But a divide has opened within the reform movement over how to address prisoners who have been convicted of violent crimes, including people like Mr. Singleton, who threatened shop owners but did not harm anyone. Groups like the American Civil Liberties Union favor a swift 50 percent reduction in prison populations, while conservative prison reform organizations like Right on Crime prioritize the release of nonviolent offenders and worry that releasing others could backfire and reduce public support. Nonviolent drug offenders make up only about 17 percent of all state prison inmates around the nation, while violent offenders make up more than 50 percent, according to federal data. As the prison population has increased sharply over the past 30 years, so too has the number of those sentenced to life. Mr. Singleton is among nearly 160, 000 prisoners serving life sentences  —   roughly the population of Eugene, Ore. The number of such inmates has more than quadrupled since 1984, and now about one in nine prison inmates is serving a life term, federal data shows. “People are celebrating the stabilization of the prison population in recent years, but the scale of mass incarceration is so substantial that meaningful reduction is not going to happen by tinkering around the edges,” said Marc Mauer, the executive director of the Sentencing Project, a   nonprofit that advocates changes in sentencing policy. The United States, which has about 4. 4 percent of the world’s population, holds 22 percent of its prisoners, according to the International Centre for Prison Studies, a research organization based in England. Mr. Singleton’s prison term, which makes it likely that he will die behind bars, attracted little attention in 1996. It was common then for judges in Virginia and the rest of the country to impose long prison terms for   crimes. Still, even   prosecutors who were active during that period say Mr. Singleton’s sentence seemed unduly harsh for crimes in which no one was hurt. “Crack cocaine scared the hell out of a lot of people,” said William G. Broaddus, a former Virginia attorney general who is now in private practice and had no role in the case. “It’s disappointing there wasn’t more consideration as to why this man did this. Do we really want to keep him in jail for the rest of his life? Having said that, it doesn’t surprise me in the slightest that this judge meted out the sentence that he did. ” William F. Rutherford, the judge who sentenced Mr. Singleton, has been retired for years. During a recent series of interviews, he said he had no recollection of the case, but after he reviewed Mr. Singleton’s court files, he said he had no regrets about how he handled it. “Under the circumstances,” he said, “it would not be unusual for me to give out that kind of sentence. ” Mr. Rutherford, who turned 89 in June, was known in Norfolk, Va. legal circles for his tough sentences, and he acknowledged that he was an intimidating presence on the bench. “I’m a   guy and I wouldn’t take any crap off of defense lawyers or anybody,” he said. “The people in jail did not like coming into Courtroom No. 7. ” D. J. Hansen, the prosecutor in Mr. Singleton’s case, said Mr. Rutherford “had a reputation for being one of the tougher judges” in the courthouse. Mr. Hansen, who is now a deputy commonwealth’s attorney in Chesapeake, Va. added that “Virginia is a hard state” when it comes to doling out punishments, and pointed out that he sought a life sentence for Mr. Singleton because of the serious nature of the robberies. When compared with recent cases, Mr. Singleton’s sentence appears to be disproportionately harsh. The maximum penalty for   murder in Virginia is 40 years, and people convicted in recent months of attempted murder and similar crimes have received sentences far shorter than Mr. Singleton’s. For example, Tamar Harris, 21, who shot and wounded a police officer, was sentenced in April to 23 years in prison, and Jermaine Rogers, 30, of Norfolk, who pleaded guilty to two counts of attempted murder, was sentenced in March to 10 years. Mr. Singleton, 49, who is called “Pops” by other inmates here at the Nottoway Correctional Center in central Virginia, has largely forgotten the details of his weeklong crime spree. Unlike many of his fellow inmates, he does not claim he is innocent. He recalled in an interview that before each robbery, he would smoke crack and drink a   of beer. In all, he got about $500. “After I sobered up, I couldn’t believe what I had done,” he said. “I was like, ‘Damn, Lenny, what the hell? ’” Mr. Singleton played football at Langston University, the historically black college in Oklahoma from which he graduated, and later joined the Navy, but was kicked out for using drugs. In prison, he has attended substance abuse classes and become a devoted reader of   books from the prison library. He works in a furniture plant at the prison and earns 80 cents an hour building furniture used in Virginia’s universities. But a percentage of his pay is subtracted for court costs and fines, and he still owes the state $1, 800. Last year, he married a high school classmate, Vandy, with whom he had lost touch. They recently compiled a book of their letters detailing his incarceration and her battles with cancer. Mr. Singleton, who prison officials acknowledge has never committed an infraction behind bars, has filed for a conditional pardon with Gov. Terry McAuliffe, saying in part that his   lawyer failed to adequately represent him. Mr. Singleton said he had been unaware that he could be sentenced to life in prison until he had already pleaded guilty. His lawyer at that time, Jon M. Babineau, said he was legally prohibited from discussing Mr. Singleton’s case because of Virginia’s   privilege laws, but said he had done his best to represent his client. In a prison administrative office on a recent morning, Mr. Singleton said he had seen inmates convicted of murder and rape come and go, and was hopeful that he would not die in prison. “I was out of my mind on drugs, but I wasn’t going to hurt anybody,” he said. “I was just after the money. ”",0
19755,Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence | RedFlag News,nan,"
by Michael Snyder via THE DAILY SHEEPLE 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? 
Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. ",1
19756,Nuclear weapons question,Anonymous Coward (UID 63478933),"Report Copyright Violation nuclear weapons question Hello all.. I have been a longtime lurker on this board but this is my first time posting. I have many questions that I'm hoping someone can help me with since you all seem to be very knowledgeable in this area..In terms of nuclear weapons I know we have tested over 1000 and I know the radiation has increased cases of cancer and killed livestock but shouldn't there be more of an impact? I know the theory with nuclear war ending life as we know it derives from the fact that it would cause a nuclear winter there for beginning some sort of ice age on earth.. with all the weapons that have been tested should we not have already brought ourselves to this or does it more have to do with all weapons going off all at once? Another question being I heard that radiation dissipates quickly (with the most dangerous time being the first 48 hours) if so then how would it cause a nuclear winter? I know these are silly questions I am pretty bad with science so I am hoping someone can explain better.Another question.. I am very sure this article has been linked here before but wondering if someone can give me their thoughts and either disprove the article or explain why it's true. [ link to heiwaco.tripod.com ] Personally I find it's safer to believe they work, if a crazy person threatens you saying they have a gun you take it for face value. You don't want to question them about it or dare them to prove it!In terms of world 3... have all biblical prophecies been fulfilled already to believe world war 3 is next on the timeline? I would be lying if I said I'm not scared. When it comes to death. .it sucks sure but I'm not afraid for myself.. I'm afraid for my one year old! I will do ANYTHING to protect her even if it means giving up my life so she can have a beautiful, healthy, long life! I do believe in God and I find myself turning a lot to him these last few days but I can't help but be angry and feel so guilty bringing this beautiful soul into this world.. for what? So she can suffer and die before she even turns 3? I just feel so lost and hurt. If anyone can give me advice or guidance I would appreciate it more than you know. The aspect of the end being at our door isn't too much a problem for me.. it's more the aspect that I don't want this for my child! I want her to live her life! Fall in love! See the world!I don't know.. maybe the time isn't here.. we've been close to a nuclear war once before maybe just maybe we can dodge this again. Page 1",1
19757,Geography Made America Great. Has Globalization Undone Its Influence? - The New York Times,Jonathan Rauch,"EARNING THE ROCKIES How Geography Shapes America’s Role in the World By Robert D. Kaplan 201 pp. Random House. $27. Well over half of American voters, having cast ballots for Hillary Clinton or   candidates, awoke the next morning to a country that seems not only unfamiliar but  . Populists embrace a celebrity billionaire, evangelicals welcome a   Lothario, conservatives accept an opportunist whose only ideological commitment is to himself. The Republican establishment proves helpless against the hijacking of the party, the mainstream media prove ineffectual against the tide of fake news and the political system proves vulnerable to the machinations of a sinister foreign government. Longstanding global alliances are questioned, longstanding political norms are trashed  —   and then the candidate with the    plurality loses. In what alternative universe does this make any sense? As Karl Marx said, in a very different context: All that is solid melts into air. Or maybe not. Maybe the political air is turbulent but the country’s tectonic fundamentals remain solid. Maybe American politics and geopolitics rest on a foundation as immovable as the rivers and plains of the country itself. For those who feel disoriented, and also (perhaps especially) for those who feel triumphant, Robert D. Kaplan’s small but magisterial new book, “Earning the Rockies,” is a tonic, because it brings fundamentals back into view. With only 180 uncrowded pages of text, this is a book that can be read on a    flight, but fully digesting it will take much longer. Every page brings a fresh insight, a telling aperçu, a bracing reality check. If you do read the book at 30, 000 feet, it will make you yearn to be down below. To understand the country, Kaplan posits, one must still “earn the Rockies,” reaching them on terra firma as our ancestors did. “To fly to California and set your clock back three hours is not to know the ground you have covered, because you haven’t seen all the different mornings and evenings along the way. ” Kaplan is one of America’s most distinguished writers on foreign affairs, with 16 prior books to his name. (He and I are both contributing editors of The Atlantic, though we don’t know each other.) Many will recall his 1994 Atlantic article (then book) “The Coming Anarchy,” which looks eerily prescient today. In his teens as a hitchhiker and again in middle age as a journalist, Kaplan trekked across the continental United States. Today, perplexed by America’s pivot against the successful global order that Americans built, he repeats the journey, “for the answers to our dilemmas overseas lie within the continent itself. ” He returns with a musing travelogue, one that seeks, in words as carefully chosen as gemstones, to bring America’s geographic and geopolitical fundamentals back into the picture. He begins in the East, where the landscape is vertical, cluttered with tall trees and taller cities. Walking streets that are thriving and dismal by turns, and overhearing conversations in rural diners and urban coffeehouses, he encounters not one country but two. Wheeling, in West Virginia coal country, is in a shocking state of collapse, but across the bridge in Marietta, Ohio, he finds prosperity fueled by   fracking. In Bloomington, the home of Indiana University, he finds “a truly global civilization,” demarcated by “miles and miles of expensive restaurants and   people. ” The new “universal civilization” is slowly dissolving local distinctiveness, but only for some: Bloomington’s elites understand their British counterparts better than they do their compatriots in Wheeling. In place after place, Kaplan encounters people who, though friendly and   “have in some important ways just given up. ” Even in blue states, many “feel their way of life is being endangered and fear being economically left behind in this new world of slim people on   diets with stylish clothes. ” Then the “horizontal landscape” of the Great Plains unfurls before him, followed by the great American desert of the West, endless landscapes that forged an independent ethos yet, paradoxically, were built with the aid of enormous government investment. Here he finds the cradle of America’s international ambitions: “If this unending vastness could be conquered, then, after some fashion, the world could be, too. ” At last, he arrives in San Diego, overlooking the port of the mighty United States Pacific Fleet and peering over the horizon toward Asia, where the fleet’s patrols keep an uneasy peace. What do we learn along the way? For all the turbulent change swirling about us now, America was and remains the product of an exceptional geography. North America has more miles of navigable inland waterways than much of the rest of the world combined. Better still, its rivers run diagonally rather than (as in Russia) north and south, forming an ideal network for internal communication and trade. Moreover, America’s continental span and rich resource base shield it from external threat and dependency. Thus the United States is uniquely blessed by geography to form and sustain a cohesive continental union. Union is not the same as unity, but it’s a good start. America’s geographical and hydrological blessings ramify not only inward but also outward. “The United States is not a normal country: Its geographic bounty gave it the possibility of becoming a world power, and with that power it has developed longstanding obligations, which, on account of its continued economic and social dynamism relative to other powers, it keeps,” Kaplan writes. “We are,” he says (his italics) “fated to lead. ” For a host of reasons, ranging from geography to culture, no other country can play the same role. Kaplan embraces America’s   role but is no imperialist. His book is most challenging, and most valuable, for the layers of paradox it mines. Geography and union make the United States a hegemon whose auspices create the conditions for globalization  —   but globalization diminishes America’s geographical advantages and erodes American unity. Meanwhile, as globalization uproots local economies and norms, the communications revolution spawns new tribal and ideological identities, everything from jihadism to  . “It isn’t the clash of civilizations so much as the clash of artificially reconstructed civilizations that is taking place,” Kaplan writes. Finally, globalization, a product of American influence and a bulwark against chaos, erodes American influence and births new disruptions. For all its unrivaled military and economic power, the United States “now has no possibility of bringing order to the world. ” The best we can hope for is to reduce disorder. Doing that requires projecting power, yes, but with a “light and subtle footprint. ” It won’t be easy. “Earning the Rockies” was written before the 2016 election. The name “Trump” appears only a few times. Yet there is more insight here into the Age of Trump than in bushels of    journalism. George H. W. Bush imagined a new world order and, for a time, built one Bill Clinton embraced soft power and democratic globalization and, for a time, made them work George W. Bush rediscovered history, confrontation, hard power and blowback Barack Obama sought to revive Clinton’s formula but, in the end, left too many behind. And then came Trump, repudiating all of the above for irredentist nationalism, and smashing crockery as none have done since Andrew Jackson. Where are we now? In territory that is uncharted but not altogether unfamiliar. President Trump may try to ignore the paradoxes of geography and globalism, but he cannot escape them. In the long run, Kaplan reminds us, the shape of the river constrains the pilot’s course. America will continue to lead, because it must.",0
19758,Working class man not particularly angry,nan,"Working class man not particularly angry 15-11-16 A WORKING class man has confirmed that he is not remotely full of hate. Despite politicians assuming he is fuelled by rage and probably quite racist, warehouse operative Wayne Hayes explained that he enjoys playing badminton and listening to radio documentaries about the Middle Ages. Hayes said: “After Trump and Brexit, everyone seems to want to understand me, which is flattering but I’m not sure what to tell them. “I’ve had four Guardian journalists on the phone already this morning, and explained to them that my life is much the same as theirs if you just swap ‘Waitrose’ for ‘Asda’ and remember that because I don’t live in London I have a larger home. “They wanted to know if grammar schools were somehow responsible for making me into a disenfranchised political powder keg. At that point I said I needed to get back to work because I have a job where you actually have to do stuff.” Theresa May plans to visit Hayes’s workplace tomorrow, to personally ask him if there’s anything she can do to stop him being a frothing swamp of hate and resentment. Hayes added: “I’m fine to talk to her as long as I don’t have to stay late to make up the lost work time. Now that would piss me off.” 
Share:",1
19759,Comment on 10 Questions For Every Atheist by para para dinle,para para dinle,"10 Questions For Every Atheist By Jonathan Lenhardt on November 10, 2014 Subscribe 
The Liberal Conservative is back here at Liberal America! I won’t make a big to-do about it since I’m willing to wager most folks don’t remember me anyway. All you have to know is that I’m an Atheist and a fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican who detests the Tea Party with a fiery passion. I don’t always agree with full-fledged conservatives or liberals, but I do believe we can at least tolerate each other just enough to live side-by-side. 
So, what brings me back after such a long absence? Believe it or not it’s not politics. It’s something I hold even more close to my heart: my aforementioned Atheism. See, I stumbled upon this article here courtesy of the kind folks at TodayChristian.net . It’s appropriately titled “10 Questions For Every Atheist” and was posted on their web site back in July with the subheading “Some Questions Atheist Cannot Truly and Honestly REALLY Answer! Which leads to some interesting conclusions?”. 
Look, I won’t lie. I stopped reading right there. I mean…some questions Atheist (not Atheist s , mind you) cannot truly and honestly REALLY (for added emphasis) answer? Interesting conclusions? In the words of my generation, “Challenge accepted!” I decided I was going to respond right then, right there. Game on. Without any further delay, let’s get on with it… 
Question #1: How Did You Become an Atheist? 
Right off the bat we start with a question that no Atheist would have any trouble answering. Like me personally, I simply started thinking for myself around age 13; asking very serious, very real questions about the world we live in. Would an all-merciful god allow children to go hungry? Would an all-powerful god allow innocent people be tortured and killed? Soon I discovered that I had quite a few questions and no real answers. “God’s will”, “Thy will be done”, “God will one day vanquish evil”; these are not real answers. If it’s any god’s will for the world to be as horrible as it is and has been, then I wouldn’t believe in it even if I knew it existed. That would be like having a sports hero you discovered was a child pornographer. Any decent human being would stop believing in that hero. 
Question #2: What happens when we die? 
Our loved ones mourn while we are buried, burned or donated to science. We lose all of our senses, our ability to think. We cease to exist. It’s a pretty scary thought. One that often quite literally makes me bolt up awake at night having to shake the thought off. The thought being, “I am going to die one day and then that’s it.” Scary as it is, it makes me appreciate this life more even if I continue to only live it about a quarter of the way to its fullest. At least I’m enjoying myself. 
Question #3: What if you’re wrong? And there is a Heaven? And there is a HELL! 
Then I’m wrong; and God is either all-merciful like religious folk claim or he/she/it is a total jerkass. I do like how “hell” is in ALL CAPS in this question as if it’s supposed to be scary, though. Cute. Also, the punctuation is wrong; and, you never start a sentence with “and”. 
Question #4: Without God, where do you get your morality from? 
Empathy mainly. Empathy is a human trait, not a religious one. Logic is another source of my morality; as is reason. I’d also like to point out that so far these are really easy to answer… 
Question #5: If there is no God, can we do what we want? Are we free to murder and rape? While good deeds are unrewarded? 
Okay, I first noticed this with Question #3: this is actually three questions in one which I think is cheating. Would it be so wrong for Today Christian to call this article “ 14 Questions For Every Atheist “? It’s like they chose 10 because it sounds stronger. Kind of sounds like the same reason why there are Ten Commandments . 
Either way, let’s start with the first one. We can do whatever we want within the confines of the law of the land. Man’s law, that is. You’ll notice that if I sleep with my neighbor’s wife – which I might; I am a heathen , after all – I won’t go to prison for it. Nor will I go to prison for looking at my buddy’s PlayStation 4 and thinking, “Aw, I want one!” 
The second one? I could cite the law answer again, but this question deserves a more human answer. What kind of monster wants to murder and rape people? Is your archaic book the only reason you don’t murder and rape? Do you constantly have to fight those urges – only winning out when you spot your Holy Bible on the book shelf and remember that if you do those things you’ll end up in hell? If the answer is no, then you wouldn’t murder or rape people either. That’s called humanity and – again – empathy . 
Finally, “While good deeds are unrewarded?” If the only reason you do good is for a pat on the back and recognition, then you’re not moral. You’re a creep. A needy creep. 
Question #6: If there is no god, how does your life have any meaning? 
Our lives are defined by the good we do for others (with or without recognition, to reference the previous question), our families, our friends, etc. I don’t need an invisible space daddy to tell me what my life means. I give my life meaning every day in one way or another. I want to be a writer who entertains people through literature, film, the occasionally whacky joke, etc. Making people laugh, smile, think, and the like – even if that dream fails – is the definition of my life. If I can make one person enjoy their day every day, then my life is complete. I did that. I gave it that meaning. By myself . I didn’t even have an instruction book! You can’t even put together IKEA furniture without an instruction book (and an AI helper, and a rocket ship, and a…) and yet I’ve figured out my life’s meaning without one. 
Questions #7: Where did the universe come from? 
We don’t know. That’s something religion folks don’t seem to understand. Saying “I don’t know” or “we don’t know” isn’t an admission of defeat. We just don’t know. Yet. Maybe we’ll never know. There are brilliant minds working on it; but, until we have cold hard proof that a space magician created everything we aren’t going to blindly believe it. There are theories. Quite a few of those theories are logical in a scientific sense. Will we ever prove it? That’s a damn big thing to prove. That being said, only the biggest, most self-indulgent egomaniacs of the scientific community do what hardcore religious people do and say their theory is 100% for sure without being able to absolutely prove it time and time again. “God just went click” is both simplistic and embarrassingly naive. I say that without trying to sound condescending. However, it’s a simple case of “I’ll believe it when I see it.” Or when I’m otherwise able to verify it. 
Question #8: What about miracles? What all the people who claim to have a connection with Jesus? What about those who claim to have seen saints or angels? 
Ugh! Another question that’s actually three questions within a question. Okay, fine… You’re aware mental illness is a thing? Okay, I’ll be less jerk-ish. 
This makes me think of people who claim or are related to or otherwise know people who claim to have had a “near-death experience” or NDE. The problem with that whole thing is that it’s suspiciously similar to the effects the centrifuge test has on the men and women training to be astronauts or fighter pilots. Those folks experience the same visions – often of saints, angels, dead relatives, etc. NDE’s are nothing more than the brain vividly hallucinating sights, sounds, and the “light at the end of the tunnel” as blood rushes from the brain to other parts of the body as it struggles to both maintain equilibrium and struggle to keep living . 
Throw in people who claim to see UFOs, Bigfoot, Slenderman, El Chupacabra, and Michael Bay’s talent to this next part: some people make stuff up for attention. It’s true. Or for financial gain. Or just for the goddamn fun of it. Dishonest people exist . Everywhere . 
As for people who claim to have a connection with Jesus? They’re probably hearing voices in their head. That’s mental illness . If a voice in my head tells me it’s a good idea to go to a random child’s birthday party, cold cock the clown in the chin, poo on the cake, and make love to the child’s mother on the picnic table in front of the whole party, then I too would claim Jesus told me to do it since I? really wouldn’t want to go to jail or the asylum . 
To wrap up Questions #8a, 8b, and 8c: miracles. Aren’t those the same things that have become strangely scarce now that cameras and other recording devices exist? 
Question #9: What’s your view of Dawkins, Hitchens and Harris? 
They could be less militant. Look, my fellow heathens, I’m a whole-hearted Atheist. I do not believe in any gods or supernatural beings of any kind and I fully understand the atrocities often carried out in the name of religion. That being said, I don’t automatically leer down at those who are faithful. It’s true that I used to leer down on people who were. That is until I was with my now ex-girlfriend (we broke up over stuff other than religion, mind you). She mellowed out my Atheism on account of the fact that she was raised Roman Catholic and still remained pretty spiritual in one sense or another as an adult while she also just happens (happened?) to be a wonderful person. Now, Dawkins, Hitchens, and Harris (you’ll notice I use the Oxford comma in my writings, but to each their own) are brilliant, funny, and kind of a jerk, respectively. I understand how militant Dawkins is and Hitchens was; but, I have a hard time believing that if a faithful person respectfully approached them as a human being and simply wanted a light, brief conversation that they’d be or would have been anything but appreciative of the respect shown. Harris? Who knows? I think he’s kind of a jerk. He’s shown himself to be so in the past and I’m not even talking about the Real Time thing with Ben Affleck . I don’t think that he was behaving at all bigoted on that occasion. 
Question #10: If there is no God, then why does every society have a religion? 
Because every society has roots that go back to a people who knew nothing and tried their best to explain things like fire, lightning, the sun, the moon, etc. That’s how religion started: by people who knew nothing . That evolved (wink, wink) into people who wanted power which has now evolved (nudge, nudge) to people who want money; especially here in the United States. 
The Tea Party – which I will never be affiliated with despite being a Republican – is basically owned by people (namely the Kochs) who are using those people’s faith as a method of moral, “spiritual” corruption. The Kochs and the politicians they own – which are voted into power by the people they control through this hysteria which is primarily faith-driven – don’t give a rat’s asshole about the well-being or happiness of the “Tea Patriots” or “Tea Baggers” or anyone for that matter. They wouldn’t piss on you if you were on fire; mostly because they are working to privatize pissing on people who are on fire and they’d really rather you paid for that service. 
By the way, ever noticed how each society’s religion is different? That there is no single religion? It’s almost as if each society made up their own shit along the way… 
Here’s My Final Thought 
Look, being an Atheist isn’t about being an elitist. Hell, Atheists all have different lifestyles, different hobbies, different daily routines, different tastes, preferences, opinions, political views, alignments; for Christ’s sake we have different favorite movies, shows, musicians, genres, sexual positions, drugs, doctors, lawyers, ways to make fun of Michael Bay, etc. Atheism isn’t a singular entity. It is a vast, diverse, wonderful place where all are welcome to discuss or even disagree so long as they discuss and disagree politely. 
The only thing all Atheist groups share is that we don’t believe in god, the devil, Zeus, Odin, healing crystals, the medicinal uses of wind chimes or any of that stuff. We’re happy to live peacefully with you if you’re happy to live peacefully with us. The only reason Atheists tend to appear so combative is because pretty often? we are the ones under attack and so we are always on guard . Be it by the laws religious politicians push or name-calling on Facebook or willful ignorance about the state of the country and world or seeing good people suffer throughout the world we find ourselves and our views threatened simply because we choose not to worship on our knees. We choose instead to live on our feet. We help others not because we are told it is moral by a deity, but because we feel it’s the right, just, human thing to do. 
Let us know your thoughts at the Liberal America Facebook page . Sign up for our free daily newsletter to receive more great stories like this one. 
About Jonathan Lenhardt 
I'm Jonathan Lenhardt; fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican. I'm pro-choice, pro-2nd Amendment, anti-Tea Party, and happily atheist just to name a sparse few things about me. You can direct all hate mail to [email protected] Also, you can find me on Google+, Twitter (@JonLenTheLC), and I have an L.C.-specific Facebook page (Jonathan Lenhardt, The Liberal Conservative). Connect",1
19760,Hacker Releases More Democratic Party Documents - The New York Times,Eric Lichtblau and Noah Weiland,"WASHINGTON  —   A hacker believed to be tied to the Russian intelligence services made public another set of internal Democratic Party documents on Friday, including the personal cellphone numbers and email addresses of nearly 200 lawmakers. The files appeared to be less politically embarrassing and damaging than the hacker’s initial trove, which came from the Democratic National Committee. Those documents, released by WikiLeaks last month on the eve of the party’s convention, led to the resignation of the committee’s leader, Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz. But the emergence of another set of leaked documents threatened to intensify international tensions over Russia’s suspected meddling in United States politics. The hacker claiming responsibility for the breach  —   working under the pseudonym Guccifer 2. 0, which American intelligence officials believe is an alias for a Russian intelligence hacker  —   appeared eager to taunt Democrats in releasing the latest files. Those documents came from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the   arm for House Democrats. “It’s time for new revelations now,” the hacker wrote in posting the files. “All of you may have heard about the DCCC hack. As you see I wasn’t wasting my time! It was even easier than in the case of the DNC breach. ” On Friday night, the hacker indicated that more leaks would follow, writing on Twitter that “the major trove” of the House committee documents would be sent to WikiLeaks. “Keep following,” the hacker wrote. While it became known last month that the House committee had been hacked along with the D. N. C. this was the first time its files had become public. In a statement, the House committee said it was investigating the authenticity of the documents and was working with federal law enforcement officials. The F. B. I. is leading the investigation. American intelligence officials said they are virtually certain that Russian intelligence officials were behind the attack. They said that the breach appears to have extended beyond the two Democratic groups to include the personal email accounts of at least 100 Democratic officials. Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, the top Democrat on the House subcommittee on the National Security Agency and cybersecurity, said he was not overly concerned that his personal information was released. “If it’s simply my email being sent around, half my constituents have my email,” he said. “If it were to turn out that someone was hacking into emails, it would be a different situation. Worse comes to worst I can get a different email or cell number. ” Mr. Himes dismissed the idea that the leak could affect his, or anyone else’s, election campaign this year. “It’s hard for me to imagine how just having a bunch of numbers, cellphones and emails would in any way affect the election,” he said. “It wasn’t totally unexpected. ” He added that the cybersecurity subcommittee was likely to discuss the hack in more detail, saying the release of personal information made the threat “feel that much more real” to members. “If there were the ability for someone to hack into those accounts, that really gets worrisome,” he said. “Someone could cause a lot of damage if they were able to send emails out from a member’s account, but I’m not hearing that that’s a risk at this point. ” The D. N. C. documents that were released last month proved intensely embarrassing for committee officials because they contained emails indicating that party leaders favored Hillary Clinton as their nominee over her rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. The committee’s interim leader, Donna Brazile, created a special cybersecurity panel this week to guard against future attacks. Much of the latest batch of documents from the House   committee, including overviews of particular races and campaigns, appeared largely innocuous in comparison to the D. N. C. breach. Beyond the cellphone numbers and email addresses for Democratic lawmakers, the latest release also included passwords for some internal databases. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign files do not appear to have been directly breached in the cyberattack, but the personal accounts of some campaign officials might have been, and a voting analytics program used by the campaign was opened as part of the D. N. C. breach, officials say. The American authorities remain uncertain whether the electronic   to the Democrats’ computer systems was intended as fairly routine cyberespionage or as part of an effort to manipulate the presidential election. The Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump, urged the Russians last month to try to find 33, 000 “missing” emails from Mrs. Clinton’s personal server. But after his remark produced an intense backlash, Mr. Trump said later that he was being sarcastic.",0
19761,Kamasi Washington Follows ‘The Epic’ With a New Work in Whitney Biennial - The New York Times,Giovanni Russonello,"For two years the tenor saxophonist Kamasi Washington has ridden on the strength of “The Epic,” his hit triple album from 2015, playing almost 200 concerts last year and cementing a level of cultural prominence rarely afforded to jazz musicians. This week he will debut his first new work since the album, at the 2017 Whitney Biennial, which opens on Friday in its first iteration since the museum moved downtown in 2015. A   gallery will feature Mr. Washington’s “Harmony of Difference,” a   sweep of   music with accompanying video from the filmmaker A. G. Rojas. As he has gained attention, Mr. Washington, 36, has taken up the role of a jazz ambassador. And with “Harmony of Difference,” he adopts a familiar but still relevant argument: Improvised music can represent a metaphor for a more perfect American union. In this case, Mr. Washington set out to use the musical concept of counterpoint (various melodic crosscurrents flowing together) to symbolize a coexistence that is not just peaceful but actively engaged. “With our political climate right now, there’s just so much focus on the negative aspect of our diversity,” he said last week in a phone interview from Los Angeles. “I thought it was ironic that we look at it as this problem that we have to solve, when it’s really a gift. ” Of “Harmony,” he said: “I didn’t want it to sound chaotic. I wanted to show how you can pull these different musical pieces together in a way that felt harmonious. ” The   suite coheres around   harmonies and rhythms that mix swing, funk and calypso. It’s of a piece with “The Epic,” which Mr. Washington recorded with a large band, a choir and a string section, though here only the final song, over 13 minutes long, features strings and voices. Through the first five tracks, Mr. Rojas’s video pans patterns painted by Mr. Washington’s sister Amani Washington. At the end of the fifth tune we see a composite canvas, with all five patterns creating an abstract face. In the gallery, that video will play simultaneously on   TVs on three walls. When it ends, a projector will illuminate the one bare wall with a different video as the sixth tune begins. Patrons would presumably gather around the single screen to watch the culminating piece together. The visuals here are mostly portraits of young Angelenos, alone or in small groups, with a cosmic   production style that reflects elements of Mr. Washington’s aesthetic. Mr. Rojas, who makes music videos often but rarely works with jazz musicians, said he felt a sense of freedom working with Mr. Washington. He described “a kind of fluid emotion that doesn’t really exist when you’re doing a video for an artist that has lyrics or a certain specific structure. ” This exhibition is Mr. Washington’s entree into a major museum since arriving on the national scene. Successful jazz musicians usually depend on grants and professorships if they ascend far enough, working in museums is a natural part of the career path. But Mr. Washington has come via a slightly different route. He grew up in South Central Los Angeles, the son of a jazz musician and the nephew of a dance company director, and he came of age in a small ecosystem of mentorship, learning from elders like Billy Higgins and Gerald Wilson. Working with fellow young musicians he had known since grade school, such as Ronald Bruner Jr. and Cameron Graves, he has gone on to record and tour with major Los Angeles musicians outside jazz, like Flying Lotus, Snoop Dogg and Kendrick Lamar. He recorded most of “The Epic” in 2011, during a monthlong recording binge with the loose federation of young jazz musicians calling themselves the West Coast Get Down. Since its release, he has toured constantly, playing his rigorous, largely instrumental music at rock clubs more often than jazz venues. Mr. Washington’s album experienced remarkable success partly thanks to his reputation for working across genres, but also because it responded to a desire for dauntless, farseeing art in the age of Black Lives Matter. “The Epic” loops in elements of 1970s funk and 1980s RB without abandoning jazz’s guiding ethic  —   one of earnest and determined humanism. On that triple album, for all the dozens of musicians, there seems to be another, more ambiguous layer in the recording. It could just be all those instruments resonating with one another, or a result of the microphones that were used, or something more inexplicable. But a humid electricity  —   some illusory, conductive force  —   certainly hangs throughout most of the songs. It’s something like the feeling of an orchestra tuning, or the swell of a bass amplifier just before it feeds back. “When you have a lot of musicians who are connected to each other on a special level, and are really reaching for that, you get a feeling,” Mr. Washington said. “It’s a stirring. ”",0
19762,Getting a Drone as a Gift? Check Your Insurance - The New York Times,Ann Carrns,"MANY people will receive drones as gifts this holiday season. But before heading to the nearest field to fly the devices, recipients may want to check their insurance coverage. “I’m sure there will be a lot of drones given as Christmas gifts, and we’ll start to see more   claims,” said Chris Hackett, the senior director for personal lines at the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, an industry group. Demand for drones has surged because of their lower cost and expanded capabilities. More than 577, 000 people  —   many of them owners of multiple drones  —   have registered as hobby drone operators as of early December, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. The Consumer Technology Association estimates that about 1. 2 million drones will be sold this holiday season. Drones are highly maneuverable, and they can carry cameras to record spectacular vistas from the air. But accidents do happen: Recently, news outlets reported that a drone being used to record a wedding reception in New Hampshire injured two guests, who later sued the groom. “There are a lot of unfortunate things that can go wrong,” said Christie Alderman, a vice president at Chubb Insurance. Generally, if you are using a drone for personal purposes and it injures someone or damages their property, your standard homeowner’s insurance policy would provide liability coverage up to the policy’s limits, said Mr. Hackett. (If you are using a drone to make money  —   even if it is a sideline, like photographing property for a real estate business  —   that would not typically be covered by a homeowner’s policy). It is always wise, however, to check with your insurance carrier on the specifics of your policy, said Loretta Worters, a spokeswoman for the Insurance Information Institute, a trade group. Some insurers may exclude   incidents from their policies  —   and those that do not do so now may decide to eventually, as the number of drones taking to the skies increases and insurers learn more about the cost of   claims. “Generally speaking, we evaluate every claim on its own merit,” said Justin Herndon, a spokesman for Allstate, in an email. “We continue to follow the evolution of drones and its impact on our customers’ policies. ” It is also a good idea to reduce your risk by brushing up on drone operational and safety rules, Ms. Alderman said. The F. A. A. requires that hobby users fly drones at or below 400 feet, and keep them within sight. The agency offers a safety video on its website. Also, the Academy of Model Aeronautics, which charters more than 2, 500     clubs, works with other groups and the F. A. A. to promote safety guidelines and instruction through the Know Before You Fly initiative. Simulation software that can help you learn to fly a drone on a home computer is available for about $100, said Chad Budreau, director of public relations and government affairs for the model aeronautics group. Here are some questions and answers about drones: What other insurance options are available? One option for hobbyists: If you join the Academy of Model Aeronautics, you will receive group liability coverage as a benefit of membership. (Membership is $75 for adults, free for those under age 19.) The academy’s insurance policy, issued by a specialty insurer, typically pays out after your homeowner’s policy is exhausted, and it provides $2. 5 million in liability coverage for property damage or bodily injury. What if my drone is lost or damaged? Homeowner’s policies typically cover replacement of personal belongings, which would include a drone. But most policies have a deductible  —   say, $500. So unless you have a very expensive drone, it may not be worth filing a claim, Ms. Worters said. Do I have to register my drone? Federal rules now require recreational owners to register any drone  —   or “unmanned aircraft system,” in F. A. A. parlance  —   flown outdoors. Drones weighing a   to 55 pounds can be registered online on the agency’s website the fee is $5 per person, can be applied to as many drones as you own and is good for three years. Failure to register a drone can be costly: The F. A. A. says generally it aims to educate operators, but can impose civil fines of up to $27, 500, and criminal penalties can be much higher.",0
19763,Brother of Clinton’s Campaign Chair is an Active Foreign Agent on the Saudi Arabian Payroll,Claire Bernish,"Posted by Claire Bernish 
Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta , whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. 
According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the “ Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,” and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers’ lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton’s chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia’s hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta’s lobbying efforts “raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.” 
“The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for ‘insulting Islam,’” Alternet reported . “Since then, Tony Podesta’s fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia’s advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.” 
Notably, the Saudis’ reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta’s status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks’ publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
“Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
“I do want to push back a bit (it’s my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we’ll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won’t. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.” 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
“Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can’t give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.” 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign’s image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
“Where do we draw the line though?” 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
“If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary’s time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary’s past campaigns specifically. 
“Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
“As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this – we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I’m just offering this up as a middle ground.” 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
“Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don’t really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I’m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?” 
All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta’s specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year’s end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
“Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,” Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . “That spans both what you’d call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.” 
That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn’t rigged — it’s performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",1
19764,"Заседание Международного дискуссионного клуба «Валдай», Владимир В. Путин",Владимир В. Путин,"Заседание Международного дискуссионного клуба «Валдай» Владимир В. Путин Сеть Вольтер | Сочи (Россия) | 27 октября 2016 English français Т.Колтон (как переведено): Добрый день, дамы и господа! Меня зовут Тимоти Колтон. Я знаком со многими присутствующими сегодня здесь. Мне чрезвычайно приятно, что меня попросили выступить модератором этой последней сессии в 2016 году в рамках Валдайского дискуссионного клуба, так мы его называем.
Хотел бы особо приветствовать нашего основного выступающего – это Владимир Владимирович Путин, Президент Российской Федерации. Он нашёл время, чтобы приехать сюда, принять участие. Мы знаем, как он занят. Мы также высоко ценим его готовность отвечать на наши вопросы.
В какой‑то момент, когда Вы выйдете на пенсию, господин Президент, и напишете свои мемуары, попытайтесь подумать, сколько времени Вы потратили на ответы и вопросы. Я уверен, Вы будете поражены этим. Мы очень благодарим Вас за это. Спасибо за то, что Вы с нами сегодня.
Позвольте мне также представить других участников сегодняшней сессии. Я представлю их в том порядке, в котором они будут выступать. Прежде всего Тарья Халонен, которая сидит справа от господина Президента. У неё была блестящая карьера, в течение 12 лет она была президентом соседа Российской Федерации – Финляндской Республики, до 2012 года. Затем выступит господин Хайнц Фишер, который сидит слева от Президента Путина. У него также очень длинная, разнообразная карьера. Совсем недавно он вышел в отставку с поста президента Австрийской Республики, он занимал этот пост с 2004 года до 2016 года. Сейчас в Австрии нет президента, к сожалению, но это уже другая история.
Третий выступающий, я хотел бы представить его, господин Табо Мбеки, ещё один человек с длительной карьерой. С 1999 года по 2008 год он занимал пост президента Южно-Африканской Республики.
Я не думаю, что я должен представлять Андрея Быстрицкого. Он активно участвует в наших встречах, но он всё‑таки коротко остановится на встрече Валдайского клуба здесь. Он возглавляет Совет, занимающийся Валдайским форумом.
Пожалуйста, Андрей, слово Вам.
А.Быстрицкий: Спасибо большое.
Уважаемый господин Президент! Уважаемые гости и модератор! Уважаемые участники Валдайского форума!
Мы собрались на заключительное пленарное заседание нашей ежегодной большой Валдайской конференции. За три дня работы, как мне представляется, мы проделали большой путь. И, как мне кажется, эта конференция была исключительно интересной. Мы обсуждали, что уже сегодня определяет завтра, наше будущее. В общем, мы сконцентрировались примерно на пяти сферах современной жизни, положение дел в которых, мы видим, это будущее и определяет.
Это международные отношения, это экономика, это демография и миграция, это технологии и общественное устройство. Эти сферы важны по очевидным причинам. От международных отношений в прямом смысле зависят вопросы войны и мира, от экономики – общая возможность развития человечества. Демографические и миграционные проблемы способны поколебать стабильность очень многих стран. А технологии в состоянии изменить все наши представления о том, что возможно и что невозможно в этом мире.
И наконец, внутреннее устройство страны, оно, впрочем, как и всегда, но сейчас в иной форме влияет в том числе и на внешнюю политику этих стран. И, в общем, конференция прояснила много вопросов, впрочем, поставила и много новых. С одной стороны, вроде бы все сошлись на том, что современный мир немыслим без международных институтов и международного права, хотя их нынешнее состояние представляется не идеальным и мир нуждается как в развитии, так и в улучшении уже действующих, а может быть, и создании чего‑то нового и дополнительного.
Естественно, интересно и то, что, обсуждая противоречия, которые естественным образом возникают между крупными мировыми игроками, большинство сошлось на том, что эти противоречия всё же не являются непреодолимыми, что шанс, хотя и не безусловный, преодолеть их и договориться есть. Любопытно, но многие ответили, что при сохранении по‑прежнему важной роли США влияние многих государств, прежде всего таких, как Китай, Индия, Россия, растёт, а о Западной Европе так сказать нельзя, при всей экономической мощи в политическом отношении её возможности и активность представляются недостаточными. Более того, возможно, они уменьшаются в сравнении с растущей Азией и Россией.
Обсуждались и те сферы, которые если и зависимы от политики властей, то не прямо, это уже упомянутые технологии и миграции, например. В ходе дискуссии о миграции, которая называлась «Мир после переселения народов», прозвучала мысль о том, что правильнее назвать не «мир после», а «мир до переселения народов», поскольку, возможно, главные миграционные волны и самые главные угрозы ещё впереди.
О технологиях тоже было сказано немало, и хотя сегодня мы понимаем их возрастающую мощь и даже видим отдельные серьёзные последствия, но всё же сколько‑нибудь полного понимания о масштабах и влиянии и долгосрочных последствиях у нас нет. Отчасти вследствие этого, мы сегодня об этом говорили, Валдайский клуб совместно с Всероссийским центром изучения общественного мнения попытается с помощью нового, нами разрабатываемого индекса измерить уровень готовности стран к будущему.
Кроме того, чрезвычайно интересными были две специальные сессии: по Ближнему Востоку и по Европе. Высказывались весьма разные точки зрения, подчас полярные.
Также мне кажется, что очень интересно прошли встречи с Игорем Ивановичем Шуваловым, с Вячеславом Викторовичем Володиным, с Сергеем Викторовичем Лавровым, Алексеем Леонидовичем Кудриным. Здесь у нас принимала участие Элла Александровна Памфилова в дискуссиях и многие, многие другие очень известные российские и не только российские учёные, деятели и так далее.
В общем, конечно, рассказать в три минуты о том, что было в три дня, невозможно. Но мы, как всегда, подготовим доклад по итогам Валдайского клуба и, естественно, представим его вашему взыскательному вниманию.
Спасибо большое.
Т.Колтон: Очень хорошо.
А теперь давайте перейдём к делам. У нас потрясающая тема: как вы видите эту философию международного развития в интересах нового мира? И это вызывает в памяти серьёзные вопросы, которые, на мой взгляд, могут дать нам возможность двигаться в разных направлениях, послушать разнообразные комментарии, различные точки зрения.
Философия – это очень требовательное слово, однако, когда речь идёт о международном развитии, я думаю, что это подходящее слово. Вчера я провёл поиск Google и использовал слова «международное развитие», «философия». Результатов было 13 миллионов. Так что очень много слов потрачено на описание этой темы. Однако она настолько сложна, настолько многоаспектна, что есть элементы, заслуживающие дополнительного исследования, в особенности в свете того, что мы видим в интернете, в газетах, где заголовки в основном касаются вопросов конфликтов, безопасности и так далее.
Так что очень просто забыть о повестке дня в области развития, а она между тем очень масштабна, она преображает наш мир. Удивительно, каким образом эти компоненты складываются воедино, как они отражаются на нашей парадигме развития. Если раньше это был вашингтонский консенсус, сейчас он подвергается нападкам со всех сторон.
Очень удивительно смотреть на то, что происходит с официальной помощью развитию, это особый компонент развития. Совсем недавно такая помощь в основном доминировала ограниченным числом стран, это богатые страны, которые имеют развитую промышленную систему и выделяли основную часть помощи. Сейчас же появились новые доноры, которые ранее были реципиентами помощи.
Такие, например, как страны БРИКС, в том числе Южная Африка, Южная Корея, Саудовская Аравия, Турция, Венесуэла, Чили, Таиланд. Усложняется ситуация ещё и тем, что многие из этих доноров новых по‑прежнему остаются и реципиентами помощи, то есть категория получателя помощи и выделителя её несколько размыта.
А сейчас я передаю слово Президенту Путину. Пожалуйста.
В.Путин: Уважаемые Тарья, Хайнц, Табо! Уважаемые коллеги, дамы и господа!
Я тоже очень рад нашей новой встрече. И хочу прежде всего поблагодарить российских и зарубежных участников Международного клуба «Валдай» за содержательное участие в его работе, а наших уважаемых гостей – за готовность принять участие в открытой дискуссии.
Наш уважаемый модератор пожелал мне благополучно выйти на пенсию, я тоже себе этого желаю, когда время придёт, это очень правильно, это нужно сделать. Но пока я ещё не на пенсии, действующий руководитель большой державы, я должен быть сдержанным, не проявлять в своих выражениях излишней агрессивности. Собственно говоря, я и не думаю, что это мой стиль.
Тем не менее полагаю, что особенно в этой аудитории мы должны быть откровенны друг с другом, должны вести открытую дискуссию, иначе она не имеет смысла, она будет постной и абсолютно неинтересной.
Такой стиль нашего общения, действительно, на мой взгляд, сегодня чрезвычайно востребован, потому что на фоне масштабных перемен, которые происходят на планете, тема нынешнего заседания «Валдая» – «Будущее начинается сегодня: контуры завтрашнего мира» – звучит очень актуально.
В прошлом году в рамках Валдайского форума мы говорили о неустроенности миропорядка. К сожалению, за прошедшие месяцы к лучшему мало что изменилось, если быть откровенным – ничего к лучшему не изменилось.
Противоречия, связанные с перераспределением экономической мощи и политического влияния, только нарастают, груз взаимного недоверия сужает наши возможности для того, чтобы эффективно отвечать на стоящие перед мировым сообществом реальные вызовы и реальные угрозы. По сути в кризисе оказался сам проект глобализации, а в Европе говорят уже – мы это хорошо знаем, слышим – о несостоятельности мультикультурализма.
Считаю, что такая ситуация – во многом следствие ошибочного, поспешного, а в чём‑то и самоуверенного выбора, сделанного элитами некоторых государств четверть века назад. Тогда, на рубеже 80 – 90-х годов, был шанс не просто ускорить процессы глобализации, а придать им качественно иной, гармоничный, устойчивый характер.
Однако, посчитав себя победителями в «холодной войне», – не посчитав, а мы слышали, прямо рассуждая об этом, некоторые страны предпочли просто начать «перелицовывать» мировой политический и экономический порядок под себя, под свои интересы.
Находясь в явной эйфории, они по сути отказались от содержательного, равноправного диалога с другими участниками международной жизни, предпочли не создавать и совершенствовать универсальные институты, а попытались распространить на весь мир действие своих собственных структур, норм и правил, пошли по пути глобализации и безопасности «для себя, любимых», для избранных, а не для всех. Оказалось, что далеко не все с этим согласны.
Что греха таить, мы с вами прекрасно знаем и понимаем: многие были не согласны, но кто‑то уже не мог этому противостоять, а кто‑то ещё не был к этому готов. Но в результате, тем не менее, систему международных отношений лихорадит, глобальная экономика не может выйти из системного кризиса. При этом принципы и правила – как в политике, так и в экономике – постоянно перетасовываются, зачастую выворачивается наизнанку то, что совсем недавно считалось истиной, возводилось в догму.
Если сегодня «сильным мира сего» выгодны какие‑то стандарты или нормы, они заставляют подчиняться им и всех остальных. Но если завтра такие стандарты начинают мешать, их немедленно отправляют «в корзину», объявляют устаревшими и устанавливают новые правила или пытаются это сделать.
Так было принято решение о нанесении ракетно-бомбовых ударов в центре Европы, по Белграду; по Ираку, затем по Ливии. Да и, собственно говоря, в Афганистане операция началась без соответствующего решения Совета Безопасности Организации Объединённых Наций. Стремясь изменить в свою пользу стратегический баланс, сломали и международно-правовой режим, запрещавший развёртывание новых систем противоракетной обороны. Создали и накачали оружием террористические группировки, жестокость которых толкает миллионы мирных людей к бегству, переселению, миграции, а целые регионы ввергает в хаос.
Мы видим, как жертвуют свободой торговли и используют так называемые санкции для политического давления, в обход Всемирной торговой организации пытаются формировать закрытые экономические альянсы с жёсткими правилами и барьерами, где главные выгодоприобретатели – свои транснациональные корпорации. Почему это происходит, мы тоже знаем: не удаётся решить в рамках ВТО накопившиеся проблемы, значит, в стороночку отодвинем все эти правила и саму организацию и создадим новую. Это именно то, о чём я только что сказал.
При этом мы не видим желания некоторых наших партнёров решать реальные международные проблемы. В созданных ещё во время «холодной войны» и явно переживших свой век структурах, таких, например, как НАТО, несмотря на все разговоры о необходимости адаптации к новым условиям никакой реальной адаптации к новым условиям не происходит. А такой важный механизм обеспечения общеевропейской, да и трансатлантической безопасности, как ОБСЕ, постоянно пытаются превратить в инструмент обслуживания чьих‑то внешнеполитических интересов. И в результате этот важнейший инструмент работает вхолостую.
При этом постоянно штампуются угрозы – вымышленные, мифические, вроде пресловутой «российской военной угрозы». Действительно, это прибыльное занятие: можно новые военные бюджеты выбивать в своих собственных странах, нагибать союзников под интересы одной сверхдержавы, расширить НАТО, приблизить инфраструктуру альянса, боевые подразделения, новую технику к нашим границам.
Конечно, очень приятно, подчас и выгодно, выдавать себя за защитников цивилизации от каких‑то новых варваров. Однако дело в том, что Россия‑то ни на кого нападать не собирается. Да и смешно это: я ведь тоже читаю и ваши аналитические материалы, не только присутствующих здесь в зале, но и аналитиков из тех же Соединённых Штатов, из Европы.
Немыслимо просто, глупо и нереалистично. В одной Европе – 300 миллионов, все члены НАТО; с США общая численность населения – 600 миллионов человек, наверно. В России 146 миллионов всего сейчас. Просто смешно даже об этом говорить. Нет, это всё равно используется для достижения своих политических целей.
К числу мифических, придуманных проблем относится и развёрнутая в США истерия, по‑другому не могу сказать, по поводу влияния России на ход нынешних выборов американского Президента. Казалось бы, в Америке действительно множество острых, действительно насущных проблем – от колоссального государственного долга до роста насилия с применением огнестрельного оружия и фактов полицейского произвола.
И, наверное, в ходе выборов разговор должен был бы идти именно об этом, о других нерешённых проблемах. Но, видимо, сказать элите особенно нечего, нечем общество успокоить. Поэтому куда проще отвлечь внимание людей на российских так называемых хакеров, шпионов, агентов влияния и так далее, и тому подобное.
Хочу задаться вопросом и вам этот вопрос задать: неужели кто‑то всерьёз думает, что Россия может как‑то повлиять на выбор американского народа? Америка – это какая‑то «банановая страна», что ли? Америка – это великая держава. Если я не прав, поправьте меня, пожалуйста.
Возникает вопрос: если дальше всё будет развиваться в таком русле, что ждёт мир? Каким он будет завтра? Есть ли ответы на вопросы, как обеспечить стабильность, безопасность, устойчивость экономического роста? Как повысить благосостояние людей?
Как это ни печально признать, никакого консенсуса на этот счёт в мире нет. Не знаю, может быть, в ходе состоявшихся дискуссий вы пришли к такому общему выводу, мне было бы, конечно, интересно об этом услышать. Но существует, совершенно точно, дефицит стратегии и идеологии будущего. Это создаёт атмосферу неуверенности, которая прямо влияет на общественные настроения.
Социологические исследования, проводимые по всей планете, показывают, что жителям разных стран и континентов будущее, к огромному нашему сожалению, чаще всего кажется смутным и мрачным. Будущее не зовёт, оно пугает. При этом люди не видят реальных возможностей и механизмов что‑либо изменить, как‑то повлиять на ход событий, на выбор политики.
Да, формально все атрибуты демократии в современных странах налицо: выборы, свобода слова, доступ к информации, право выражать своё мнение. Однако даже в так называемых развитых демократиях у большинства граждан нет реального влияния на политические процессы, нет прямого, реального влияния на власть.
Граждане чувствуют, что их интересы и представления элит о единственно правильном курсе, который эти элиты выбирают, всё чаще и больше расходятся между собой. Как следствие – референдумы, выборы всё чаще преподносят сюрпризы, сюрпризы для власти. Люди голосуют совсем не так, как им советовали официальные, респектабельные средства массовой информации, и не так, как это рекомендуют так называемые системные партии. А общественные движения, которые ещё совсем недавно считались слишком «левыми» или слишком «правыми», выходят на авансцену, оттесняя политических тяжеловесов.
Сперва такие неудобные результаты поспешили объявить некой аномалией, случайностью. Когда они стали повторяться, заговорили о том, что общество не понимает тех, кто находится на олимпе власти, не доросло до того, чтобы оценить устремления властных структур, заботу о народном благе, а то и вовсе доходят до истерики, мол, это следствие зарубежной, как правило, российской пропаганды.
Я вам скажу, уважаемые друзья и коллеги, хотелось бы мне иметь такую пропагандистскую машину в России, но это, к сожалению, не так. У нас нет таких глобальных средств массовой информации, как CNN, BBC и некоторые другие, у нас таких возможностей пока нет.
Что касается тезиса о торжестве маргиналов, популистов над здравомыслящим, трезвым, ответственным меньшинством, то дело, конечно, и не в популистах и иже с ними, а дело в том, что простые люди, рядовые граждане перестают доверять правящему классу, вот в чём проблема.
Кстати, политическая повестка и так уже выхолощена, выборы перестают быть инструментом перемен, а сводятся к скандалам, обсуждению компроматов. Простите меня, к обсуждению того, кто кого за что ущипнул, кто с кем спит. Это просто переходит всякие границы. Да и, честно говоря, если посмотреть на программы различных кандидатов, то такое впечатление, что они вообще скроены по одним и тем же лекалам, разница‑то небольшая или её вообще, по сути, нет.
Элита словно не замечает углубляющегося расслоения в обществе и размывания среднего класса, и при этом насаждают идеологические модели, которые, на мой взгляд, разрушают культурную, национальную идентичность. А в некоторых случаях, в некоторых странах и жертвуют национальными интересами, отказываются от суверенитета в обмен на благосклонность сюзерена.
Резонно возникает вопрос: так кто же, в самом деле, маргинален? Расширяющийся класс наднациональной олигархии и бюрократии, часто фактически не избираемый и не контролируемый обществом, или большинство граждан, которое хочет, в общем‑то, простых и понятных вещей: стабильности, свободного развития своих стран, жизненных перспектив для себя и своих детей, сохранения своего культурного лица, а главное, элементарной безопасности для себя и своих близких.
Так, люди откровенно напуганы тем, что на их глазах терроризм из какой‑то далёкой угрозы стал повседневностью, что теракт может произойти буквально рядом, на соседней улице, если не на собственной улице, а орудием массового убийства способно стать любое подручное средство: от изготовленной кустарным способом взрывчатки до обычного грузовика.
Более того, теракты последних лет в Бостоне, других американских городах, в Париже, Брюсселе, Ницце, в городах ФРГ, да, к сожалению, в нашей стране, показывают, что террористам уже не нужны ни ячейки, ни организационные структуры, они могут действовать и в одиночку, автономно, достаточно лишь идеологически их мотивировать и направить на врага, на нас с вами.
На примере террористической опасности со всей очевидностью проявляется неспособность оценить характер, причины возникновения нарастания угроз. Мы видим это по тому, как развивается ситуация в Сирии. Остановить кровопролитие и запустить политический процесс не удаётся. Казалось бы, после долгих переговоров, огромных усилий и сложных компромиссов наконец начал формироваться единый фронт борьбы с терроризмом.
Однако этого не произошло, он фактически не создан. Не сработали и наши личные договорённости с Президентом Соединённых Штатов, в Вашингтоне нашлись силы, которые сделали всё, чтобы эти договорённости не были реализованы на практике. Всё это демонстрирует необъяснимое, я бы сказал, иррациональное стремление западных стран раз за разом повторять свои ошибки, как у нас в народе говорят, наступать на одни и те же грабли.
Все мы видим, что происходит в том же Афганистане, Ираке, Ливии, ряде других стран. Я задаюсь вопросом: где результаты борьбы с терроризмом и экстремизмом? По большому счёту, в глобальном масштабе, регионально где‑то, в отдельных местах результаты есть, но глобально результатов борьбы с терроризмом нет, а угрозы только нарастают.
Мы все помним эйфорию некоторых столиц по поводу так называемой «арабской весны». Где сегодня эти бравурные марши? А призывы России к совместной борьбе с террористами игнорируются. Более того, террористические группировки продолжают вооружать, снабжать, обучать в надежде использовать их, как и прежде, для достижения своих политических целей. Это очень опасная игра, и хочу ещё раз обратиться к подобным игрокам: в данном случае экстремисты хитрее, умнее и сильнее вас, и, заигрывая с ними, вы всегда будете проигрывать.
Уважаемые участники форума! Очевидно, что сейчас мировому сообществу важно сосредоточиться на действительно реальных проблемах, стоящих перед всем человечеством, решение которых позволит сделать мир и безопасным, и стабильным, а систему международных отношений равноправной и справедливой. И, как уже говорил, в конечном счёте превратить глобализацию из глобализации для избранных в глобализацию для всех. Убеждён, любые вызовы и угрозы можно преодолеть только сообща, на прочной основе международного права и Устава Организации Объединённых Наций.
Сегодня именно ООН продолжает оставаться структурой, которой нет равных по представительности и универсальности, уникальной площадкой для равноправного диалога. Универсальные правила ООН необходимы, чтобы включить как можно большее число стран в процесс экономической и гуманитарной интеграции, гарантировать их политическую ответственность и обеспечить согласованность действий, разумеется, при сохранении суверенитета и своей модели развития.
У нас нет сомнения, суверенитет – это центральное понятие всей системы международных отношений. Его уважение, укрепление – это залог мира, стабильности и на национальном, и на международном уровне. Стран, которые, как Россия, могут опереться на тысячелетнюю историю, в мире немало, и мы научились ценить свою идентичность, свободу и независимость. При этом мы не стремимся ни к глобальному доминированию, ни к экспансии какой‑то, ни к конфронтации с кем бы то ни было.
В нашем понимании настоящее лидерство сегодня заключается не в том, чтобы выдумывать эфемерные угрозы и, спекулируя на них, пытаться подмять под себя остальных, а в том, чтобы видеть реальные проблемы, содействовать объединению усилий государств в их решении. И именно так Россия понимает сегодня свою роль в мировых делах.
Приоритеты, без которых благополучное будущее нашей общей планеты немыслимо, абсолютно очевидны. Не скажу ничего нового. Прежде всего это равная и неделимая безопасность для всех государств. Только прекратив вооружённые конфликты и обеспечив мирное развитие всех стран, мы сможем говорить об экономическом прогрессе, решении социальных, гуманитарных и других ключевых проблем. Важно на деле бороться с терроризмом и экстремизмом. Уже не раз говорилось о том, что победить это зло можно, только объединив усилия всех государств мира. Россия предлагала и предлагает до сих пор это всем заинтересованным нашим партнёрам.
Необходимо поставить в международную повестку и вопрос о восстановлении прочной государственности, экономики и социальной сферы стран Ближнего Востока. Колоссальный масштаб разрушений требует сегодня выработки долгосрочной и комплексной программы, если хотите, своего рода «план Маршалла» для возрождения этого истерзанного войнами и конфликтами региона. И Россия, конечно, готова принять активное участие в такой совместной работе.
Мир нельзя сделать стабильным, если не обеспечить поступательное развитие глобальной экономики. Важно создать условия для созидательного труда и экономического роста, обеспечить темпы экономического роста так, чтобы мир не был больше разделён на вечно проигрывающих и вечно выигрывающих. Правила игры должны быть такими, чтобы развивающиеся экономики имели шанс хотя бы догнать тех, кого мы называем экономиками развитыми. Нужно добиваться выравнивания темпов экономического развития, подтягивать отстающие страны и регионы, чтобы плоды экономического роста и технологического развития были доступны всем, в том числе это позволит победить одну из самых тяжелейших проблем современности – бедность.
Абсолютно очевидно и то, что экономическое сотрудничество должно быть взаимовыгодным и базироваться на всеобщих универсальных принципах, чтобы каждое государство могло стать равноправным участником мировой хозяйственной жизни. Да, в среднесрочной перспективе тенденция на регионализацию мировой экономики, видимо, продолжится, но региональные торговые соглашения должны дополнять, развивать, а не подменять универсальные нормы и правила.
Россия выступает за гармонизацию региональных экономических форматов на основе принципов прозрачности и уважения интересов друг друга. Именно так мы выстраиваем деятельность Евразийского экономического союза, ведём переговоры с нашими партнёрами, в том числе о сопряжении с реализуемым Китаем проектом «Экономического пояса Шёлкового пути». Рассчитываем, что это позволит создать большое Евразийское партнёрство, которое в перспективе может превратиться и в один из центров формирования в Евразии широкого интеграционного контура. Для воплощения этой идеи уже начаты переговоры в формате «пять плюс один» по соглашению о торгово-экономическом сотрудничестве между всеми участниками этого процесса.
Важная задача – это развитие человеческого потенциала. Только мир с широкими возможностями для всех, с высококвалифицированными работниками, доступными знаниями, богатством путей самореализации может считаться по‑настоящему свободным. Только мир, в котором люди разных стран живут полноценной жизнью, а не борются за выживание, может быть стабильным.
Достойное будущее невозможно без заботы об экологии, конечно, и решения климатических проблем. Поэтому сохранение природного богатства и его многообразия, снижение антропогенной нагрузки на окружающую среду в ближайшие десятилетия станут всё более значимым делом.
Не менее важна и задача глобальной охраны здоровья. Безусловно, здесь немало проблем с масштабными эпидемиями, снижением смертности в ряде регионов мира и множество, множество других. Здесь же огромное поле для развития, конечно. Дать жителям планеты, причём всем опять же, а не избранным, возможность по‑настоящему здоровой, долгой, полноценной жизни – это очень благородная цель. Словом, фундамент для будущего мира нужно, безусловно, искать уже сегодня, вкладывая средства во все приоритетные направления развития человечества. И конечно, важно, чтобы контуры нашего общего будущего широко обсуждались, чтобы все здравые, перспективные предложения были услышаны.
Уважаемые коллеги, дамы и господа! Не сомневаюсь, что в этой работе вы – члены Валдайского клуба – примете самое активное участие. Ваш высокий экспертный потенциал, уровень позволяет всесторонне оценить процессы, происходящие и в России у нас, и в мире, увидеть, спрогнозировать развитие долгосрочных тенденций, дать им оценки, идеи подтолкнуть новые и рекомендации предоставить, которые помогут нам найти путь к более благополучному и более стабильному будущему, в котором мы все так нуждаемся.
Спасибо вам большое за внимание!
Т.Колтон: Спасибо большое, господин Путин.
А сейчас хотел бы предоставить слово госпоже Халонен. Она так же, как я понимаю, выступит от трибуны.
Т.Халонен (как переведено): Господин Президент! Ваши превосходительства! Дамы и господа! Уважаемые участники!
Большое спасибо за организацию Валдайского клуба, спасибо, что пригласили меня поучаствовать в этих обсуждениях. Тема очень интересная, своевременная, как было уже отмечено. И мы видим новую динамику, которая влияет на всех нас, на глобальный мировой порядок, на региональные дела. Я очень рада тому, что мои коллеги, мои хорошие друзья – бывший президент Австрийской Республики господин Фишер, а также господин Путин – со мной сегодня разделяют трибуну. Мы сотрудничали на протяжении последних десятилетий вместе, и мы разделяем многие идеи о том, как мы бы хотели, чтобы мир развивался в будущем. Поэтому я думаю, что обсуждения будут очень открытыми, откровенными.
Философия международного развития для нового мира используется в заголовке наших обсуждений, и она напоминает мне о тех годах Горбачёва, говорившего о новом мировом порядке. Новый мировой порядок произошёл частично, как предусматривалось, а частично не так, как предусматривалось. И я не уверена, можем ли мы говорить действительно о порядке. Конечно же, мы приветствуем оптимизм, мы многого добились, мир действительно изменился. Тем не менее, думаю, не все понимают, что мир будет состоять из многих игроков. И что это значит, когда у нас так много игроков одновременно?
Коллективные глобальные действия сталкиваются со многими сложностями, в частности в сфере глобальной политики безопасности. Таким образом, люди говорят, что изменения всегда представляют собой возможность. Но сегодня, несмотря на усилия, направленные на стабилизацию международных отношений, глобальной экономики и благосостояния, как уже сказал Президент Путин, у нас есть проблема того, как справляться с кризисами.
И действительно, очень много вызовов и проблем стоит перед нами. Что же я наблюдала во время участия в различных форумах за последние годы, особенно во время своего президентства? Люди всегда говорят, что этот мир – это мир полной неопределённости. Это действительно так. Люди чувствуют каждый день, что они очень сомневаются в будущем, и иногда это очень парадоксально, поскольку мы настолько продвинулись вперёд.
В любом случае это мир, в котором мы живём, мир, в котором нам нужно строить фундамент для устойчивого будущего, и если мы будем ждать, лучше не станет, и мы должны быть в состоянии работать на различных фронтах. И хотя, к сожалению, конфликты по‑прежнему имеют место и становятся всё более гибридными по своей природе, нам нужно понимать, что представляет собой устойчивое развитие. Возможно, нам уже известно, каким может быть порядок в будущем. Конечно, СМИ всегда заинтересованы в освещении конфликтов, но хочу рассказать вам о том, что будет в будущем.
Повестка, принятая Организацией Объединённых Наций в сентябре 2015 года до 2030 года, представляет собой мощную основу для дальнейшей работы. И именно Организация Объединённых Наций объединила все крупные державы, основных игроков, и мы добились успеха. Мне очень приятно сознавать, что борьба с нищетой и неравенством является центральным элементом этой повестки дня, в особенности неравенство гендерное.
С момента саммита в Рио, думаю, что мы все заявили о том, что мы слишком сильно используем свои природные ресурсы. Однако, к сожалению, мы недостаточно использовали человеческий потенциал, в особенности потенциал женщин, бедного населения, а также молодых людей. И когда я смотрю на этот зал, я вижу, что многое уже меняется.
Очень серьёзная политическая воля была проявлена в 2015 году. Однако сейчас необходимо сдержать сделанные обещания, лидеры должны будут сделать то, что они взяли на себя в качестве ответственности. У нас есть ресурсы, у нас есть необходимые научные знания. Стоит вопрос о политической воле. Во‑первых, это морально необходимо и абсолютно нужно. Более того, речь идёт о создании интеллектуальной экономики, о правильном, умном выборе, и я уверена, что мы сможем добиться успеха.
Организация Объединённых Наций традиционно базировалась на трёх основах. Во‑первых, на безопасности, правах человека и развитии. Что касается развития и прав человека, мне кажется, что удалось на историческом отрезке добиться серьёзного успеха. К сожалению, конфликты по‑прежнему очень ожесточённые, полны насилия, они стали куда сильнее и куда более многочисленными, нежели мы надеялись бы. Однако, как я сказала, к несчастью, не закончился период катастроф и проблем.
Традиционные угрозы, может быть, становятся реже, однако вооружённые конфликты поражают многие страны. Гражданское общество, женщины и дети являются целью таких конфликтов, к сожалению. Я считаю, что это трагедия. Я работала с организациями системы ООН, с различными группами для того, чтобы способствовать благополучию, здоровью, безопасности женщин и детей. Ужасно видеть то, что происходит в Сирии, в Йемене, во многих других местах.
Однако давайте посмотрим на картину ещё с другой стороны. Очень грустно, мы видим, что военная сила, которая используется, может быть слишком сильной. И я должна сказать, что порой нам приходится пользоваться военной силой для того, чтобы положить конец насилию. Но каким образом? Мы не можем принять, чтобы люди страдали, гражданское население страдало, в особенности дети.
Более того, мы знаем, что в рамках глобализации всем хорошо известно, что происходит по всему миру. Так что мы в качестве населения реагируем на то, что происходит в других частях мира. Люди понимают, что справедливо, что хорошо, а что нет. И то, что хорошо, должно получать от нас поддержку. Такова основа моей философии.
Позвольте привести только один пример для того, чтобы завершить своё выступление. Я из Финляндии, из Хельсинки, из рабочего класса. В моей церкви 24 октября очень долго звонят колокола для того, чтобы помянуть жертв среди гражданского населения в Алеппо. Это гуманитарное движение распространилось по всей территории Финляндии, а сейчас перекинулось и на другие страны.
Церкви в Финляндии также стали прибежищем для тех, кто не получил статус беженца, но кто нуждается. Как вы видите, люди прекрасно понимают, что правильно, а что нет во многих странах, и они все говорят, что необходимо положить конец насилию в Сирии, Йемене, других местах. Они говорят о том, что мы должны быть больше людьми, более человечными по отношению друг к другу.
Господин Президент, господин Путин! Я была обеспокоена Вашим выступлением, потому что Вы нарисовали такую мрачную картину будущего, однако в конце Вы сказали, что есть всё‑таки проблеск надежды и есть воля к сотрудничеству. И хочу сказать, даже когда самые обычные люди, рядовые граждане, которые живут в серьёзных, стеснённых условиях, они все хотят, чтобы у них была надежда в будущем. Нам необходимо работать вместе для того, чтобы эта надежда воплотилась в жизнь. И мне очень приятно будет продолжать дискуссию.
Спасибо Вам!
Т.Колтон: Спасибо. Я благодарю Вас. А сейчас слово предоставляется господину Хайнцу Фишеру.
Х.Фишер (как переведено): Господин Президент! Уважаемая аудитория! Ваши превосходительства! Дамы и господа!
Прежде всего хотел бы поблагодарить организаторов этой встречи за направленное нам приглашение принять участие в Валдайской конференции, которая посвящена обмену мнениями о проблемах, о шансах, изменениях в международных отношениях. В частности, она посвящена вопросу о будущем международных отношений.
На мой взгляд, каждый желает знать, насколько это только возможно, каково будет будущее – будущее отдельно взятой личности, политическое будущее, экономическое будущее и так далее. Однако никогда не может быть удовлетворительного ответа на этот вопрос, потому что будущее – это не только результат воли человека, его личности, это также ещё и продукт объективных факторов. Но этого недостаточно, это очень сложная смесь двух этих компонентов, двух элементов. Есть множество философских течений, которые пытаются объяснить соотношения в этой смеси. Есть много интереснейших книг, в которых выражается различный подход к тому, как мы должны смотреть на будущее. Есть два основных направления мысли.
Во‑первых, некоторые считают, что в начале цивилизации, на заре, был золотой век, рай, а затем люди из‑за своих грехов пали. И они всё падали и падали, это падение продолжалось на протяжении истории. Согласно другому подходу говорится, что сперва существовал хаос, все воевали против всех, право сильного господствовало, насилие царствовало. Затем сложилось рабовладельческое общество, феодальное общество, наконец, капиталистическое общество, и в конце концов настал последний этап, когда причины антагонизма, насилия остались позади. Мне кажется, что ни тот, ни другой подход не подходит нам.
Сам я родился ещё до Второй мировой войны. Я помню о последних днях этой войны, помню, в частности, о сложных, но многообещающих временах восстановления после войны. Проблеском надежды, положительной чертой послевоенного времени нашей эры было подписание в 1955 году Соглашения о восстановлении суверенного Австрийского государства. И говорилось тогда в этом договоре о выводе иностранных войск из нашей страны. Мы считали, что этот момент положит начало положительному периоду успеха не только для Австрии, но и для всей Западной Европы.
Однако, к сожалению, одна тень нависла над этим положительным развитием. А именно, разделение Европы в ходе «холодной войны», а также возникла угроза «горячей войны». На излёте 90-х годов пропало разделение Европы, которое было главной причиной напряжённости. В тот момент казалось, что будущее будет светлым, что международные отношения будут развиваться хорошо и поступательно. Однако вновь развитие пошло по другому направлению, надежды, чаяния не оправдались.
Можно даже сказать, что те возможности, которые возникли в тот момент, не были задействованы полностью. Вновь было продемонстрировано, что история, как я только что сказал, не представляет собой линейный процесс, она развивается волнами, она качается от прогресса к регрессу, есть положительные изменения, есть отрицательные изменения. Конечно, прогресс – разница от континента к континенту, вне зависимости от глобализации.
Хотел бы сконцентрировать своё внимание на Европе и на соседнем регионе. Я по‑прежнему убеждён, что проект европейского сотрудничества, который был закреплён в виде идей, лежащих в основе Европейского союза, по‑прежнему необходим, это такое предприятие, которое нам нужно. Более того, европейское сотрудничество будет оставаться важной целью, важным стратегическим элементом в обозримом будущем.
Отчасти это объясняется тем, что, как мы слышали на протяжении многих дискуссий, Европейский союз отчасти лишился слаженности и своей привлекательности. Объясняется это недостаточным уровнем финансовой и экономической координации. Существуют различные интересы между государствами-членами, эти интересы всё более и более проявляются, возникают проблемы, европейская солидарность не работает так, как она должна работать.
Я должен упомянуть проблему беженцев. Европейский союз на фоне этой проблемы продемонстрировал отчасти свою несостоятельность и отсутствие солидарности. Отношения между ЕС и Российской Федерацией также развивались не так, как мы на то надеялись 25 лет назад. Я знаю аргументы, приводимые обеими сторонами относительно того, кто или что ответственны за такое развитие событий. Однако сейчас мы говорим ведь не о прошлом, мы говорим о будущем. И та, и другая сторона должны продемонстрировать, что они осознают важность отношений друг с другом. Европейский союз, в частности, не должен упускать из виду тот факт, что на протяжении последнего века развивались отношения между Европой и Россией, и что Москва иначе смотрит на развитие НАТО, и точка зрения Москвы отличается от брюссельской или вашингтонской.
Россия же должна принимать к сведению, она должна учитывать то, что некоторые действия, связанные с использованием военной силы, не соответствуют международному праву, они вызывают раздражение европейской публики и отражаются на политике ЕС. В частности, последний пример тому – Крым.
Алеппо – это символ того, каким образом сложно провести грань между борьбой с террористами, с одной стороны, и бомбардировками ни в чём неповинного населения. Я очень внимательно сегодня утром слушал дискуссию. Есть очень много проблем, которые сопряжены с этим процессом. Война в Сирии длится уже дольше, нежели Первая мировая война, и длится дольше, нежели вторжение Гитлера в Советский Союз во время Второй мировой войны.
Это ужасная война уже унесла сотни тысяч человеческих жизней, и она привела к ухудшению отношений между теми странами, которые даже не имеют общей границы с Сирией. Доверие было подорвано. Более того, этот процесс сопряжён с всплеском терроризма. Более того, терроризм порождает страх, страх порождает агрессию, а агрессия ведёт к возникновению фанатизма, с одной стороны, жёсткого национализма, что ставит под угрозу мир и свободу.
То же самое, пусть и несколько в другом масштабе, мы наблюдаем на примере палестино-израильского конфликта. Кажется, что решение этого конфликта как никогда далеко. Совсем недавно я присутствовал на похоронах Шимона Переса в Иерусалиме. Даже в слове на этих похоронах говорилось о том, что мир должен быть достигнут. Шимон часто говорил: «Невозможно Израилю безопасно существовать без мира». Нынешнее же правительство Израиля концентрируется не на мире, а на безопасности. Они утверждают, что без безопасности не может быть мира. Однако безопасность не может пользоваться приоритетом перед миром, и тот и другой фактор, и то и другое условие должны быть воплощены в жизнь одновременно.
Дамы и господа, можно задаться вопросом: есть ли какие‑то положительные аспекты, есть ли какие‑то положительные возможности, таящиеся в будущем? Ответ – да. Соглашение между «пятёркой» и «пять плюс один» в формате с Ираном по иранской ядерной программе – это хороший пример успеха.
Ещё один пример успеха – это успешное подписание Парижского соглашения по изменению климата. Это первый положительный шаг, хотя многое ещё предстоит сделать для того, чтобы решить эту проблему в целом. Европейская интеграция как таковая, даже невзирая на ряд негативных тенденций, которых я только что коснулся, невзирая на решения, даже нерешительность в целом представляет собой историю успеха.
Я также возлагаю большие надежды на работу Организации Объединённых Наций. Очень часто ООН попадает под град критики, их обвиняют в бессилии, тем не менее ООН по‑прежнему остаётся важнейшим игроком в международных отношениях, а также нравственным авторитетом. Цели развития тысячелетия сыграли ключевую роль в сокращении крайней нищеты почти на 50 процентов. С тех пор удалось добиться снижения материнской смертности, детской смертности на 45 процентов и на 50 процентов соответственно. Была принята новая повестка дня – развитие до 2030 года. В рамках этой повестки дня поставлены цели – продолжить этот прогресс, были сформулированы реалистичные, важные цели.
Дамы и господа! Даже несмотря на то, что невозможно в количественных показателях измерить развитие демократии, я убеждён, что демократия в качестве политической системы, ограничивающей власть тех, кто находится у кормила, наблюдается. Более того, мирный переход к демократии будет становиться всё более и более распространённым. То же самое касается прав человека, а также растущего уважения к правам человека.
Всё шире и шире наблюдается признание этого показателя в качестве показателя эффективного управления. Более того, я считаю, что демократия должна сыграть важную роль в наших обсуждениях о том, каким должно быть будущее. Это, в частности, касается следующего факта, это моё мнение. Демократическая система, а также готовность к миру, к избеганию войны в некотором смысле переплетены, взаимосвязаны.
Уважаемые гости! В футболе следующий матч всегда становится самым важным. Во внутренней политике следующие выборы всегда самые важные, а в международных отношениях следующие 10 лет – это самое важное время, а также самое сложное время одновременно. Однако кое‑что совершенно ясно, несомненно, история не носит линейного характера. Но поскольку историю творит человечество, мы несём на своих плечах ответственность за то, каким образом история будет развиваться на протяжении следующего десятилетия. Вот почему. Речь идёт о нашей коллективной ответственности. Мы должны поддерживать мир, пользоваться теми возможностями, которые нам предоставляются. Мы должны учиться на прошлых ошибках, а также стремиться к положительному развитию в будущем.
Я благодарю Вас за внимание.
Т.Колтон: Спасибо, господин Фишер. Господин Мбеки.
Т.Мбеки (как переведено): Большое спасибо, господин модератор!
Как и мои коллеги, хочу поблагодарить Валдайский дискуссионный клуб за приглашение поучаствовать.
Ваше превосходительство господин Президент Путин! Уважаемые панелисты! Уважаемые делегаты!
Я хотел бы верить в то, что вы поймёте, почему сегодня я выступаю перед вами, для того чтобы представить никем не санкционированное мнение Африканского континента о вопросах нашей повестки дня. Думаю, что все из нас вспомнят о Декларации тысячелетия ООН, которая была принята в 2000 году, где говорилось о целях развития тысячелетия, а также содержались глобальные обязательства, в частности, я цитирую: «Обеспечить специфические нужны Африки». И затем, в 2002 году, в сентябре, Генеральная Ассамблея ООН приняла Декларацию по новому партнёрству в целях развития Африки.
И затем в 2002 году, в сентябре, Генеральная Ассамблея ООН приняла Декларацию по новому партнёрству в целях развития Африки, и международная поддержка, реализация этого нового партнёрства в целях развития Африки крайне важна – это опять была цитата.
В октябре 2014 года Генеральный Секретарь ООН созвал совещание высокого уровня, перед которым была поставлена задача выработать рекомендации по операциям ООН сегодня и в будущем. В докладе этой группы, этой панели, содержалось следующее: в плане предотвращения конфликтов или реагирования на конфликты региональные партнёрства на Африканском континенте должны укрепляться.
И думаю, что для того чтобы понимать полностью важность этих рекомендаций, мы должны помнить о том, что в 2015 году 80 процентов миротворцев ООН были развёрнуты в Африке. И уважаемые коллеги заметили, что процитированные мною документы ООН, относящиеся к двум главным проблемам Африканского континента, – это социально-экономическое развитие, обеспечение мира и безопасности.
Я упомянул эти документы для того, чтобы обозначить главные проблемы, с которыми сталкивается Африканский континент, во‑первых.
Во‑вторых, обозначить, что эту реальность признаёт мировое сообщество.
И, в‑третьих, что международное сообщество принимает на себя обязательство вступить в партнёрство с Африкой для того, чтобы успешно справляться с этими проблемами.
Учитывая тему, выдвинутую на обсуждение, хотел бы сделать несколько высказываний о том, с какими проблемами сталкивается Африка, а также объём, в котором ООН реагирует на эти проблемы, также о философии развития.
В первую очередь хотел бы сказать в этой связи, что для того чтобы Африка добилась упомянутых мною целей, Африке необходим новый мир. Второе категоричное утверждение, которое я хочу сделать, – это то, что эти требования представляют собой категоричное противоречие тому, что Африканский континент является мировой периферией. И третье категоричное утверждение, которое я сделаю, заключается в том, что глобальное процветание и мир во всём мире недостижимы, в то время как Африка исключена и как участница таких прекрасных результатов. И четвёртое утверждение, которое я хотел бы сделать: поддержание мира и развитие невозможно без относительной автаркии в том, что относится к Африканскому континенту.
Что касается борьбы с бедностью и других целей – хотел бы подтвердить, что наш континент по‑прежнему с энтузиазмом относится к принятию очень амбициозных целей устойчивого развития, как уже упомянул наш президент. И это связано с теми глобальными обязательствами, поскольку для достижения целей устойчивого развития никто не останется позади – я опять упомянул цитату.
Для нас, африканцев, это означает, что система глобального правительства должна меняться таким образом, чтобы можно было достигнуть действительно цели устойчивого развития и тех целей, которые я обозначил. И в различные периоды времени существовали системы неравных правительств, в том числе в конце «холодной войны». Всё это привело к тому, что образовался однополярный мир, гегемония, с Соединёнными Штатами в качестве гегемона.
И в том, что касается африканского тысячелетия, как я упомянул, даже победа римлян над карфагенянами, колониализм, неоколониализм. Я хотел бы сказать, что существование гегемона приводит к возникновению феномена центра, который преуспевает за счёт существования периферии. И именно в плане глобального распределения у нас есть такая ситуация, когда, я думаю, что комментарий, который сделал господин Президент Путин сегодня днём, указывает на то, как существует сегодня этот мир.
Для Африки невозможно избавиться от существующей ситуации вне контекста мира, в котором бы уважалось равенство всех наций в плане определения миропорядка. И по этой причине как африканцы, и именно потому, что мы относительно слабы в глобальном плане – в экономическом, политическом, технологическом плане, – нам очень нужна свободная, универсально согласованная система международного права, которую будут уважать все страны.
И, на наш взгляд, какие бы легитимные предложения ни выдвигались в отношении создания лучшего мира, они должны быть основаны на той степени международного права, которая уже была согласована. И это подчёркивает абсолютный императив для всех наций вернуться к духу и букве для того, чтобы реализовать то, что было отражено в Уставе ООН и в других стратегических документах, которые были приняты после 1945 года в рамках ООН. Существование согласованного международного права, а также надежда на реформированные институты ООН должны быть центром философии международного развития для нового мира.
Большое спасибо.
Т.Колтон: Сейчас мы уже выслушали выступление всех четырёх ораторов. Мы начнём обсуждение довольно коротко, поскольку здесь так много желающих задать вопросы. Возможно, я начну с небольшим, коротким вопросом, и на него может ответить любой из присутствующих ораторов.
Во время комментариев Президента Путина меня удивил акцент на безопасности и отсутствии безопасности. И с дилеммой безопасности, с которой мы сталкиваемся, когда мы говорим о вопросах развития, я думаю, что это естественный способ, поскольку мы извлекли тот урок из истории, что без безопасности, предсказуемости развития не будет. Поэтому сейчас очень мучительный момент, когда развитие осуществляется.
Люди, которые живут в четырёх странах, представители которых сидят здесь, живут лучше, чем их предки, всё это происходит по всему миру, но отсутствие безопасности в мире тем не менее есть, и философ Гоббс говорил об этом, что это то состояние, при котором нет власти, приводит к отсутствию безопасности, нестабильности и неспособности отдельных людей обеспечить себе лучшую жизнь. И по всему миру происходил процесс строения государств, более сильных государств, и необходимо государствам учиться жить друг с другом в мире, в мирном сосуществовании.
Поэтому хотел бы задать очень общий вопрос нашим панелистам. Хотел бы спросить следующее. Во время выступлений каждого из вас вы все упоминали о том решении, которое предлагал Гоббс, – это построение институтов, изменение институтов. И хотел бы спросить вас, что должно быть нашим важнейшим приоритетом сейчас?
Президент Путин отметил в конце выступления важность ООН, важность того, чтобы ООН стала более эффективной, и использование ООН вместе с другими силами. Некоторые другие ораторы говорили о необходимости реформировать созданные институты. Например, господин Мбеки об этом упомянул. Наши европейские коллеги упоминали историю успеха, включая Европейский союз, например. ЕС появился достаточно недавно. Поэтому мой вопрос: что самое важное, о чём мы должны подумать сообща?
Мы должны создавать новые институты для вопросов безопасности или мы должны говорить о возвращении к тем институтам, которым сейчас уделяется меньше внимания, таким как ООН? Или мы должны в первую очередь концентрировать свои усилия на реформировании существующих институтов? А когда я говорю об институтах, я говорю прежде всего о международных институтах. Поэтому хотел бы сейчас предложить ораторам, может быть, начиная с Президента Путина, поделиться своим мнением, если у вас есть такое желание, конечно.
В.Путин: Просто полностью присоединяюсь к тому, что сказал Президент Табо Мбеки. Он сказал, я даже записал, процитирую: «Нужна система международного права, которая уважалась бы всеми странами». Нужно вернуться к Уставу Организации Объединённых Наций. Абсолютно правильно. И если бы он этого не сказал, я должен был бы сказать это сам. Я полностью разделяю эту точку зрения. Мы просто пренебрежительно начали относиться к Уставу ООН, вытесняя его при принятии очень важных решений, делая вид, что это уже не важно, устарело.
А потом, когда мир сталкивается с острыми проблемами, те, кто виноват в нарушении Устава Организации Объединённых Наций, резко начинают призывать к исполнению основных положений Устава ООН. Так нужно с самого начала, чтобы все это помнили и уважали Устав ООН. Нужна надёжная система международного права, которая была бы гарантией от любых злоупотреблений сил.
Т.Халонен: Думаю, что мы сейчас, на данный момент, создали государство наций. Мы знаем слабости государства наций, и нам нужно тем не менее развивать их сильные стороны. Я, поскольку сама из Финляндии, говорю о государстве благосостояния. Это демократия, это верховенство закона, это благосостояние, это социальные, экономические, культурные права народов, всех людей, также и мигрантов. И когда мы говорим о разнице между целями тысячелетия, целями устойчивого развития… Помню, когда я была сопредседателем на саммите тысячелетия, я слышала от людей, что они хотят добиться лучшего будущего.
И это крайне важно, поскольку некоторые люди говорят, что мы слишком наивные в наших надеждах сделать мир лучше. Действительно, мы добиваемся каких‑то успехов, может быть, не во всём, но всё‑таки мы двигаемся к успеху. Если мы сравним ЦРТ и ЦУР, ЦРТ в основном создавались для правительств, в основном для правительств богатых стран, которые преуспевают, для того чтобы продемонстрировать глобальную солидарность со странами Юга.
Но сейчас цели устойчивого развития показывают, что мир – это нечто большее, чем просто государство-нация, это также и бизнес-сообщество, это также проблема. Без системы, в которой будет больше игроков, нам будет сложно. И, как господин Фишер, бывший президент Австрийской Республики, говорил о системном анализе, думаю, что в рамках Валдайского клуба вы также могли бы подумать о том, как консультироваться с экспертами, которые специализируются на системном анализе. Я думаю, что это часть ответа на Ваш вопрос.
Также необходимы меры укрепления доверия. Это очень простые слова, и всё это лежит в основе государства-нации. Всё, что мы можем сделать в целях укрепления доверия, мы видим в Балтийском море, нашем общем море, а также на других, более крупных участках.
Мне было бы очень интересно узнать, поскольку мы сейчас в России, как Вы, господин Путин, видите это развитие, таким образом, в будущем. Думаю, что у меня есть некий луч надежды в отношении Вашего интереса, в отношении ООН.
Т.Колтон: Вы хотели бы сейчас ответить, господин Президент, или мы сначала выслушаем других ораторов?
В.Путин: Думаю, что выслушаем Хайнца и Табо.
Т.Колтон: Хорошо, спасибо.
Господин Фишер, пожалуйста.
Х.Фишер: Нам всем известно, что институты, а также неправильно созданные институты могут частично являться проблемой. Но в большинстве случаев они не представляют собой целую проблему, и те же самые институты, которые хорошо функционируют при определённых ситуациях, могут при других обстоятельствах, в другой среде, при другой экономической ситуации быть гораздо слабее и казаться неправильно созданными.
В том, что касается Европейского союза, в последние годы ситуация, если мы посмотрим, например, на торговые соглашения с Канадой, становится очевидно, что часть ответа на вопрос лежит в том, что необходимо создавать больше возможностей для центральных институтов в Европейском союзе, больше властных полномочий парламенту, больше власти комиссии, а также общая экономическая налоговая политика.
С другой стороны, очевидно, что именно это является очень чувствительной проблемой, и многие люди чувствуют, что наша автономия, наши возможности как государства всё больше передаются в Брюссель. И поэтому, если кто‑то говорит: давайте запустим процесс модернизации и изменения институтов Европейского союза, – на данный момент я бы сказал: давайте подождём, давайте не будем торопиться, поскольку на данный момент это создало бы очень проблемную ситуацию во многих европейских странах.
Что же касается Организации Объединённых Наций, то я с большим интересом прислушиваюсь к аргументам, согласно которым Совет Безопасности, являющийся наиболее влиятельным органом Организации Объединённых Наций, был создан более 70 лет назад. Так что в соответствии с этой аргументацией было бы полезно, было бы необходимо дать Совету Безопасности новую структуру, такую структуру, которая позволила бы ему эффективно работать в текущей обстановке, быть более представительным органом в том, что касается различных сторон государства.
Однако мы, конечно, понимаем сложности, сопряжённые с этим процессом. Если мы обратимся к нашим австрийским представителям в ООН с вопросом, возможно ли это, они скажут: нет, это совершенно невозможно, слишком расходятся мнения. Так что решение проблем при помощи реформирования институтов может быть только частью решения проблемы, частью того, что необходимо сделать.
Т.Колтон: Спасибо большое.
Т.Мбеки: Что должно быть сделано – это должно быть сделано. Вы знаете, когда госпожа Халонен говорила, что ООН концентрировалась на трёх столпах направления: на безопасности, на правах человека, и, в‑третьих, на развитии. Я в действительности убеждён, что, когда мы говорим о безопасности в глобальном масштабе, о правах человека в глобальном масштабе, о развитии в глобальном масштабе, невозможно решить какие бы то ни было из этих проблем в одиночку успешно на глобальном уровне, если мы не обратим свой взор вновь на Организацию Объединённых Наций в контексте Устава Организации Объединённых Наций, в контексте согласованной политики. Мне кажется, что участники конференции принимают это. Мир стал многополярным, и необходимо, чтобы эта многополярность перетекала в реальные действия на практике, для того чтобы успешно справляться с вызовами.
Каковы многополярные институты, которые сейчас существуют? Таким институтом должна быть ООН. Проблема реформирования Совета Безопасности становится именно в этом контексте особенно важной. Как сказал господин Фишер, Совет Безопасности создан очень давно, и он сейчас не отражает нынешнюю многополярную систему международных отношений. Он должен быть изменён, это сложно. Россия – член Совета Безопасности, может быть, она тоже является препятствием на пути этой реформы. Однако реформирование Совбеза должно произойти.
Мы должны также посмотреть на взаимоотношения Совета Безопасности и Генассамблеи, посмотреть на взаимоотношения с ЭКОСОС, то есть на все структуры. Они должны выражать многополярный характер мира, для того чтобы мы добились успеха на глобальном уровне в решении проблем, связанных с безопасностью, прав человека и развития. Это невозможно отбросить в сторону. Я не говорю, что это единственное, что необходимо сделать, но структуры должны быть укреплены, они должны быть более представительны и они должны быть также активизированы таким образом, чтобы все эти институты с уважением относились, во‑первых, к реформированному международному праву.
А во‑вторых, как сказал Президент Путин, необходимо… Я не говорю, что поскольку у нас есть ООН, то пропадает суверенитет. Суверенитет никуда не пропадает. Существует равенство государств. Само существование государств покоится на этом принципе, и это должно быть учтено при реформировании института ООН. Многополярный мир должен найти своё полноценное отражение в ООН. Если бы это произошло, то не было бы никакой катастрофы в Ливии, например.
Я завершаю уже свои комментарии. Когда мы говорим о целях устойчивого развития, они очень важны для Африканского континента и, я убеждён, для всех развивающихся стран. Одна из проблем, с которыми мы сталкиваемся на континенте, – это сложность переговоров с ЕС по соглашениям об экономическом партнёрстве. Более того, я считаю, что те переговоры, которые сейчас ведутся с ЕС, ведутся так, что многие требования ЕС противоречат требованиям ЦУР – целям устойчивого развития. Если вы посмотрите на глобальный уровень, то необходимо будет провести соотношение этих соглашений, с одной стороны, и целей устойчивого развития, посмотреть, не противоречат ли они друг другу. Вот о чём я хотел бы сказать. Спасибо большое.
Т.Колтон: Вы знаете, я был несколько взволнован. Я боялся, что мой вопрос не вызовет таких интересных ответов. Но спасибо большое.
Президент Путин, Вы не могли бы прореагировать на то, что было сказано?
В.Путин: Ещё маленькая ремарка по поводу того, что господин Фишер сказал. Он упомянул дискуссию в ЕС по поводу торгового договора с Канадой. Это чисто внутриеэсовское дело. Просто маленькая ремарка, если позволите.
Да, действительно, я знаю, что определённое раздражение в Европе вызывает позиция Валлонии, где всего три с половиной миллиона человек, и они, эти три с половиной, заблокировали принятие решения по такому глобальному вопросу, как торговое соглашение с Канадой. Но ведь, когда Бельгия создавала Евросоюз, она создавала его на определённых принципах и исходила из того, что и у неё в целом, и у Валлонии будут определённые права.
Если к сегодняшнему дню ЕС разросся очень сильно, изменился его состав и так далее, но права‑то никто не менял. Может быть, и нужно эти права поменять, но сначала нужно тогда предоставить людям, которые создавали эту организацию, демократическим образом права поменять, а потом уже требовать от них согласия.
Теперь что касается спора. Я знаю этот спор не так хорошо, как, конечно, европейцы, тем не менее, много или мало прерогатив у наднациональных органов в ЕС, замечу, я уже говорил об этом публично: количество обязательных решений, которые принимает Европарламент в отношении стран – членов ЕС, больше гораздо, чем количество обязательных решений, которые принимал Верховный Совет СССР в отношении республик Советского Союза во время существования самого СССР. Хорошо это или плохо – это не нам решать. Мы за то, чтобы Европа была сильной, централизованной – наша позиция. Но в самой Европе, там разные точки зрения, и это, надеюсь, когда‑нибудь завершится каким‑то позитивным решением.
Теперь по поводу ООН. Я уже говорил об этом, вынужден повторить: нам нужно обязательно вернуться к тому, что написано в Уставе ООН, потому что другой организации, такой универсальной, как ООН, в мире не существует. И если мы сейчас от неё откажемся – это верная дорога к хаосу. Ничего другого в мире универсального не существует. Да, ситуация поменялась в мире. Да, ООН и Совет Безопасности нуждаются в реформах и реконструкции. Но, как у нас в МИДе принято говорить, это можно сделать, если мы хотим, чтобы сохранялась эффективность этого инструмента, это можно сделать на основе широкого консенсуса. Нужно, чтобы с этими реформами согласилось подавляющее большинство участников международного общения.
Теперь почему нужно обязательно вернуться к единообразному пониманию принципов норм международного права, выработанных на основе Устава ООН? Потому что создавалась эта Организация после окончания Второй мировой войны, был определённый расклад сил в мире. Потом, после распада Советского Союза, Соединённые Штаты решили, что теперь, в общем‑то, не с кем согласовывать и не надо ни с кем согласовывать кардинальные вопросы. И началось.
Сначала в середине 90‑х годов – удары по Белграду. По сути, агрессия. Я сейчас не буду говорить про гуманитарную составляющую, которая предшествовала этим решениям, но просто наблюдать за ракетно-бомбовыми ударами в конце XX века в центре Европы… Не знаю, как вам, но для меня это было дикостью какой‑то, просто дико. Тем не менее это было в обход Устава ООН, никто же этого не санкционировал. Как только столкнулись с этим, сразу начали говорить, что устарело, надо бы чего‑нибудь поменять.
Дальше больше, дальше события в Ираке. ООН разве санкционировала действия в Ираке? Нет. А до этого был Афганистан в 2001 году. Да, мы знаем трагические события 11 сентября 2001 года, но всё равно по действующему международному праву надо было сходить в Совет Безопасности ООН и получить сначала там соответствующую резолюцию. Нет.
Потом Ирак. Потом принята была резолюция по Ливии – о чём резолюция по Ливии? Здесь же все эксперты, все знают, читали же все эту резолюцию. Что там написано? Бесполётная зона. Какая же бесполётная зона, если начали наносить ракетно-бомбовые удары по территории! Грубо извратили просто, опять нарушили Устав Организации Объединённых Наций.
Потом Сирия. Тарья, по‑моему, говорила или Хайнц выступал, что в Сирии только умножается число террористов из‑за действий в Алеппо. Разве с этого началось приумножение терроризма? Разве в Ираке были террористы? Близко не было никаких террористов до разрушения государственных структур страны. А в Ливии? Да ничего подобного там не было, никаких террористов, там и духу их не было. Как только разрушили государственность в стране, сразу этот вакуум был заполнен кем? Террористами. То же самое и в Сирии происходит.
Я понимаю намёк на наши действия в том же Алеппо или где. Но позвольте, как только началась война в Сирии, она началась задолго до нашего участия в этих событиях, там сразу и террористы появились, их начали снабжать оружием. Я же говорил об этом в своём выступлении. Их начали воспитывать, науськивать на Асада и так далее. Потому что других возможностей не было, они самые эффективные. И до сих пор это продолжается. Потому что это самые эффективные боевые подразделения. Их можно, как считают некоторые, направить, а потом мы, мол, с ними разберёмся. Ничего потом не будет! Не получится! В этом вся проблема.
И хотел бы тоже отреагировать на абсолютно правильные вещи, которые происходят, скажем, в Финляндии. Колокола звонят по погибшим в Алеппо. Давайте позвоним по погибшим сейчас в районе Мосула. Сейчас начинается операция в Мосуле. Уже, по‑моему, свыше 200 человек террористы расстреляли в надежде остановить наступление на город – давайте не будем про это забывать. А в Афганистане? Одним только ударом авиации уничтожали целые свадьбы по 120 человек, одним ударом! Мы забыли об этом? А сейчас что происходит в Йемене? Колокола должны звонить по всем этим безвинным жертвам! Согласен с Вами.
Мы всё время слышим: Алеппо, Алеппо, Алеппо… Ну да. Вопрос в чём? Или оставить там террористическое гнездо, или, минимизируя, делая всё, чтобы избежать жертв среди мирного населения, всё‑таки это гнездо дожать? Если не нужно вообще ничего трогать, тогда не нужно наступать и на Мосул. Давайте всё оставим как есть. Давайте Ракку не будем трогать. Ведь мы всё время слышим от наших партнёров: нужно наступать на Ракку, нужно уничтожить это гнездо терроризма. Но в Ракке тоже живут мирные граждане. Мы не будем с ними бороться вообще? Когда они где‑то в городах захватывают заложников, мы что, оставляем их в покое? Возьмите пример с Израиля, Израиль никогда так не делает, он всегда борется до конца и благодаря этому существует, да и другого выбора нет, надо бороться. Если мы постоянно будем сдавать позиции, мы всегда будем проигрывать.
Теперь о том, что Тарья спросила по поводу безопасности в районе Балтийского моря. Напомню, что эта тема возникла не по нашей инициативе, она возникла в ходе моего визита в Финляндию, в Наантали, и она возникла по инициативе Президента Финляндии господина Ниинистё. Он совершенно неожиданно для меня поставил вопрос о том, чтобы российская авиация не летала без включённых транспондеров. Для тех, кто далёк от военного дела, скажу, что это приборы, которые на самолётах стоят и подают сигнал о том, что они в воздухе находятся. И включение этих систем, конечно, увеличивает безопасность в районе Балтийского моря. Это правильно, это правда. Я сразу же сказал, что, во‑первых, количество полётов нашей авиации в разы уступает количеству полётов авиации стран НАТО, в разы. Это первое.
И второе. Я пообещал господину Президенту Финляндии, что мы обязательно поставим этот вопрос перед нашими партнёрами на ближайшей встрече в рамках Совета Россия–НАТО. Докладываю вам: мы это сделали. Результат: наши партнёры по НАТО предложение отклонили, более того, они сказали, что отклоняют предложение Путина. Путин здесь ни при чём, они отклоняют предложение господина Ниинистё, Президента Финляндской Республики.
Для нас тоже, между прочим, не так уж и просто это было, не так это было просто – пойти на такой шаг, потому что там есть технические вещи, есть и вещи чисто военного характера. Но я соответствующие указания Министерству обороны дал – поискать такую возможность, не нанося ущерба нашей безопасности. И наше Министерство обороны такую возможность нашло. Но наши коллеги из НАТО не хотят. Так что, пожалуйста, все вопросы туда, в Брюссель, в штаб-квартиру.
Т.Колтон: Тарья, насколько я понимаю, Вы хотели бы ответить коротко на этот вопрос?
Т.Халонен: Если позволите, я отвечу. Я очень рада, что у нас по‑прежнему продолжается замечательный диалог с Вами, господин Президент.
Это открытая дискуссия. Как правило, мы ведём такие дискуссии в меньших группах, тем не менее мне кажется, что предложение Президента Ниинистё было прекрасным примером. Считаю, что это важно для безопасности в нашем регионе. Однако, как сказал Президент Путин, есть очень много технических вопросов, других проблем с обеих сторон.
А это говорит нам о чём? Даже когда речь идёт о каком‑то ограниченном вопросе, требуется время, требуется сила. И тем не менее я считаю, что мы по‑прежнему все согласны. Нам необходимо добиться этого для того, чтобы обеспечить безопасность в регионе. Мы должны добиться принятия этих предложений. Надеюсь, что дискуссия будет продолжаться. И хорошая работа продолжится.
Позвольте мне так же коротко остановиться на других аспектах, которые были упомянуты Президентом Путиным. Конечно, Алеппо и Йемен – это те проблемы, о которых мы постоянно слышим в средствах массовой информации, в западных странах и в России тоже. Но здесь нет чёрного и белого. Это очень сложный вопрос. Но мы должны с уважением относиться к чувствам людей, они совершенно верно говорят: это неправильно. ЮНИСЕФ со стороны ООН тоже говорит о том, что то, что происходит, – неправильно. У нас есть, к счастью, эксперты, которые могут разобраться во всём этом.
Что же касается ООН, я очень рада, что мы много говорили об ООН, я сторонница ООН, я там работала, и я буду работать с ними, я обещала господину Пан Ги Муну, и следующему Генеральному секретарю я обещаю сотрудничество. Мы все понимаем, что если мы ничего делать не будем, то это может нам очень дорого обойтись.
Возьмём, например, Совет Безопасности. Я с большим интересом слушала то, что сказал Министр Лавров. Как мне кажется, если мы не сможем добиться успеха в Совете Безопасности, это ещё не всё, мы должны подумать о работе Генассамблеи, об ЭКОСОСе, ведь ООН – очень большая структура. Мы должны подталкивать их вперёд. И надеюсь, что мы добьёмся прогресса.
Спасибо за то, что Вы подняли эти вопросы, и эти вопросы и далее будут обсуждаться.
Т.Колтон: Сейчас я хотел бы поблагодарить всех и передать слово тем, кто присутствует в зале, для вопросов. У нас здесь представлено большое число экспертов, почти все хотят задать вопрос, и вы можете отвечать на вопросы, на которые хотите, отмечать их.
Хотел бы сказать, что, к сожалению, Ваша популярность, господин Президент, растёт; моя к концу дня, наверное, сократится. А времени у нас очень мало.
Позвольте, мы передадим слово сначала первым, кто заявил о желании задать вопросы. Многие из них, думаю, будут адресованы Президенту Путину. Однако если кто‑то желает тоже ответить, даже если они напрямую не направлены им, то, пожалуйста, отвечайте.
Вопрос (как переведено): Господин Президент, как Вам известно, растёт обеспокоенность международного сообщества относительно киберпространства, киберконфликтов. Ключевой вопрос состоит в следующем. Это обеспокоенность осуществления кибератак для достижения политических целей, учитывая, что вопрос кибератак очень молодой вопрос в отличие от других войн. Пространство кибератак очень известно, государства не должны использовать киберпространство для атаки на инфраструктуру других государств. Поэтому мой вопрос заключается в следующем.
Во‑первых, в теории. Я слышал, что Вы уже говорили, поэтому в теории: должны ли национальные избирательные системы считаться критической национальной инфраструктурой?
И второй вопрос: какие конкретные правила Вы бы предложили по мере того, как международное сообщество думает о киберпространстве, для того чтобы снизить угрозу кибервойн в будущем?
В.Путин: На мой взгляд, вмешательство во внутриполитические процессы, одной страны в другую, недопустимо вне зависимости от того, каким способом такие попытки могут предприниматься: с помощью кибератак либо с помощью каких‑то других инструментов, подконтрольных организаций внутри той или иной страны.
Например, вы знаете, что произошло в Турции, и знаете позицию Президента Турции Реджепа Эрдогана по поводу того, что он считает. А он считает, что попытка переворота в Турции была предпринята структурами, которые были воспитаны на идеях и при прямом участии организации некоего Гюлена, проживающего уже девять лет в Соединённых Штатах Америки. И это недопустимо, и кибератаки недопустимы.
Но нам не избежать, наверное, взаимного влияния друг на друга, в том числе и в киберпространстве. Но Вы задали вопрос конкретный, а именно Вы задали вопрос об избирательной системе. Я считаю, что это абсолютно недопустимо. А как избежать подобных эксцессов, если они где‑то будут возникать, нет никакого другого способа, как договариваться и вырабатывать определённые правила, причём такие правила, которые будут единообразно пониматься, будут признаны на правительственном, государственном уровне и могли бы быть проверяемыми.
Встаёт вопрос, конечно, о свободе интернета и всего, что с ним связано, но мы знаем, что очень во многих странах, в том числе и в тех, кто всегда выступал за свободу интернета, предпринимаются и на практике реализуются шаги по ограничению этого доступа, связанного с интересами большинства граждан. Это касается и преступлений, которые там могут готовиться либо совершаться в киберпространстве. Например, покушение на банковские системы, незаконные переводы денег, это касается всяких суицидов, преступлений против детей и так далее. Но эти же правила на национальном уровне принимаются, значит, мы можем принимать соответствующие правила и на национальном уровне в отношениях между государствами.
Т.Колтон: Спасибо.
Хотел бы предоставить слово господину Сушенцову, затем слово господину Быстрицкому.
Господин Сушенцов, Вам слово.
А.Сушенцов: Владимир Владимирович! Андрей Сушенцов, университет МГИМО, Валдайский клуб.
В зарубежных СМИ сложилось мнение, что у России есть однозначный фаворит на американских президентских выборах – Дональд Трамп. Какую на самом деле роль играет фигура следующего американского президента для России, для двусторонних отношений? И каким условиям должна удовлетворять американская внешняя политика по отношению к России, для того чтобы отношения нормализовались?
В.Путин: По поводу так называемых фаворитов или не фаворитов в избирательной кампании в Соединённых Штатах. Вы сказали о том, что это образ, который создан СМИ? Он и создан, этот образ, СМИ. Я Вас уверяю, не случайно. Я вообще редко вижу, когда что‑то случайно создаётся ведущими средствами массовой информации. Сама идея вброшена в общественное сознание в ходе президентской кампании в Соединённых Штатах, на мой взгляд, только с одной целью – с целью борьбы тех, кто защищает интересы кандидата от Демократической партии госпожи Клинтон в борьбе с представителем Республиканской партии, в данном случае в борьбе с господином Трампом.
Как это делается? Во‑первых, создаётся образ врага в виде Российской Федерации, в виде России, а потом объявляется, что Трамп – наш фаворит. Это полный бред и полная чушь! Это просто способ внутриполитической борьбы, способ манипулирования общественным мнением накануне президентских выборов в самих Соединённых Штатах.
Да, на самом деле я много раз говорил, хочу повторить: мы не знаем, как поведёт себя любой из кандидатов, который добьётся победы. Мы не знаем, как поведёт себя господин Трамп, мы не знаем, как поведёт себя госпожа Клинтон, если она будет избрана, что там будет исполнено, что не исполнено. Поэтому по большому счёту для нас это более или менее безразлично. Но, конечно, мы не можем не приветствовать слова, мысли, намерения, о которых публично говорится, о нормализации отношений между Соединёнными Штатами и Россией. И в этом смысле, конечно, мы приветствуем такие заявления, от кого бы они ни исходили. Вот, собственно говоря, и всё.
Что касается самого господина Трампа, он выбрал, видимо, свой способ достучаться до сердец избирателей. Какой? Он, конечно, ведёт себя экстравагантно, мы все это видим. Но, я думаю, не так уж это всё и бессмысленно. Потому что, на мой взгляд, он представляет интересы той части общества, а она значительная в Штатах, которая устала от тех самых элит, которые десятилетиями находятся у власти. Он просто представляет интересы таких простых людей.
Он и сам изображает из себя такого простого парня, который критикует тех, кто уже десятилетиями находится у власти, тех, кому не нравится (мы же читаем аналитику, в том числе и американскую) передача власти по наследству, допустим. Об этом прямо некоторые эксперты пишут в США. И он работает на этой «поляне».
Но насколько это будет для него эффективно, выборы покажут в ближайшее время. Но хочу повторить ещё раз один штамп, который всё время повторяю: мы будем работать с любым президентом, которого изберёт американский народ и который захочет работать с нами.
А.Быстрицкий: Владимир Владимирович, можно вопрос в развитие темы безопасности, которая только что поднималась? Понятно, что здесь ключевым и важным элементом, в этой теме безопасности, является взаимодействие. И понятно, что оно может быть сложным. Например, в случае упомянутых только что в разговоре транспондеров. Но в конце концов самолёты могут летать.
Но есть критически важные области, где речь идёт непосредственно о жизни людей, и жизни людей невинных. Вы недавно вспоминали дело Царнаевых. И, как я понимаю, информация с российской стороны была предоставлена, но это не возымело ни малейшего действия, как я тоже понимаю. Означает ли это, что на таком практическом уровне взаимодействия в сфере безопасности ситуация критическая?
В.Путин: Я уже говорил об этом. Не помню когда. По‑моему, на встрече с французскими журналистами, что ли? Да, действительно, мы предоставили в своё время информацию по этим братьям Царнаевым американским партнёрам. Написали один раз – ответа никакого. Потом ещё раз написали – опять никакого ответа нет. И уже после второго письма пришел ответ, что они наши граждане, вы сюда не лезьте, мы сами разберёмся. Ладно, я директору ФСБ сказал: всё, сдаю в архив. Так ответ у нас в архиве и лежит до сих пор.
Но потом, к сожалению, через несколько месяцев произошёл теракт в Бостоне во время известного марафона, погибли люди. Очень жаль, что эта трагедия произошла. Если бы контакты и доверие были бы на другом уровне между нами и нашими партнёрами, уверен, можно было бы избежать этой трагедии. Потом у нас и американцы появились сразу, приехали, мы отдали материалы, которые у нас были. Но поздно, уже люди‑то погибли.
Это, кстати говоря, отчасти ответ на предыдущий вопрос. Те, кто хочет с нами работать, – я не знаю, будут они или не будут, но они формулируют правильно тезис о том, что это необходимо для всех, особенно на поле борьбы с терроризмом. В этом смысле мы приветствуем, повторяю, всех, кто об этом заявляет.
Но, скажем, я тоже уже говорил об этом, например, в ходе подготовки к Олимпийским играм здесь, в Сочи, американцы реально нам помогали. И я благодарен им за это, мы все им за это благодарны, они сотрудничали и здесь, на месте, сотрудничали с нами очень эффективно и на более высоком уровне – на уровне руководства спецслужб. Были и другие примеры хорошего сотрудничества.
В целом у нас неплохо обстоят дела по этому направлению с европейскими партнёрами, как раз с французскими спецслужбами, там достаточно откровенный, профессиональный разговор идёт, обмен информацией имеет место быть. В общем, не всё так плохо, но могло бы быть гораздо лучше.
Т.Колтон: Хорошо.
Хотел бы сейчас предоставить слово Сафине Фишер из Берлина.
С.Фишер: Спасибо. Мой вопрос Президенту Путину, он касается Украины.
Президент Путин, недавно после достаточно длинной паузы состоялась встреча «нормандской четвёрки» в Берлине. И после этой встречи стороны несколько по‑разному интерпретировали результаты переговоров. Поэтому мне бы очень хотелось услышать Вашу оценку результатов и атмосферы этой встречи.
Помимо этого, считаете ли Вы «нормандский формат» в данной форме эффективным или Вы думаете, что он мог бы работать более продуктивно, если бы, например, туда присоединились Соединённые Штаты Америки?
Спасибо большое.
В.Путин: Можно уточняющий вопрос? Какая разная интерпретация была результатов встречи? О чём Вы говорите? Как ни странно, я просто не слышал этих разных интерпретаций. Какие?
С.Фишер: Были обсуждения полицейской миссии в Донбассе, с одной стороны, и упор на «дорожную карту», которая делалась, например, в России в СМИ и тоже в политических дебатах. По‑моему, это действительно были разные интерпретации результатов.
В.Путин: Здесь секрета никакого нет. Я скажу, вообще как было. Некоторые вещи, может быть, не буду говорить, чтобы не ставить никого в трудное положение и не мешать самому процессу.
Как вы знаете, в Минских соглашениях, думаю, что эксперты все читали, там чёрным по белому написано: через 30 дней после подписания Минских соглашений на Украине Рада должна принять постановление, которое очертило бы географические границы районов, в которых начал бы сразу действовать закон об особом статусе этих непризнанных республик. Потому что единственное, чего не хватало, чтобы он начал работать, было отсутствие описания этих географических границ.
И это нужно было принять не законом, а постановлением парламента, и это постановление с нарушением сроков, но тем не менее было принято. И, казалось бы, этот закон должен был бы сразу вступить в действие. Он был принят, хочу напомнить, парламентом Украины, проголосован, и он был согласован с непризнанными республиками, что очень важно, и в этом смысле он является, на мой взгляд, жизнеспособным и ключевым элементом политического урегулирования.
Но, приняв это постановление Рады, украинская сторона, парламент страны принял дополнение к этому закону пунктом в статью девятую или десятую, в которой написал, что этот закон вступит только тогда, когда произойдут муниципальные выборы на этих территориях. То есть опять отложил вступление этого закона в силу, повторяю, по нашему мнению, абсолютно ключевого для политического урегулирования кризиса на юго-востоке страны. Причём сделал это, конечно, уже ни с кем не согласовывая, с этими непризнанными республиками даже не консультировались.
Год назад в Париже мы это очень активно обсуждали, спорили. Я настаивал на том, чтобы это было сделано, и сделано незамедлительно, поскольку это прописано в Минских соглашениях и является ключевым элементом, на наш взгляд. Тем не менее Президент Украины настаивал на том, что это сделать невозможно. И зашло всё в тупик. Поскольку зашло в тупик, и всё могло закончиться сразу же на месте год назад в Париже, неожиданно Министр иностранных дел ФРГ господин Штайнмайер предложил компромисс.
Он сказал: «Давайте мы так договоримся. Этот закон вступит в силу в день выборов в муниципальные органы власти на этих территориях на временной основе, и на постоянной – после того как БДИПЧ ОБСЕ признает, что выборы состоялись в соответствии с правилами ОБСЕ». Это было совсем не то, что написано в Минских соглашениях, но, чтобы не заводить дело в тупик, я согласился и сказал: «Хорошо, договорились. Мы это согласуем с Донецком и Луганском». И мы согласовали.
Но на встрече в Берлине вдруг неожиданно Президент Украины попытался изменить и эту формулу, уже как бы компромиссную. Пошёл ещё дальше, по сути, отказываясь вообще от имплементации этого закона когда бы то ни было. Опять возник тот же самый кризис, который мы имели в Париже год назад. Но я хочу отметить роль Федерального канцлера. Она всё‑таки нашла аргументы и убедила всех собравшихся в том, что мы можем и должны остаться на согласованной позиции, и невозможно каждый раз, встречаясь через год, менять то, о чём мы договаривались до этого, так мы никогда ни о чём не сможем договориться. Но нюансы и детали того, как это должно имплементироваться, договорились погрузить в ту концепцию, о которой Вы сказали и которую предстоит ещё выработать.
Вот, пожалуй, и всё. Но в принципе много было сделано по вопросам обеспечения безопасности – там мы практически согласовали почти каждый из пунктов. Почти ни о чём не договорились по вопросам гуманитарного характера – эти территории остаются в строгой блокаде, и ситуация там очень сложная. На это, кстати говоря, весь так называемый цивилизованный мир предпочитает не обращать никакого внимания. Сейчас не хочу даже открывать дискуссии на эту тему.
Но что касается формата, он полезен или не полезен, – просто другого нет. Да, дискуссии идут сложно, да, это не очень эффективно, соглашусь с этим, но другого нет, и если мы хотим хоть чего‑то добиться, надо оставаться в рамках этого формата.
Нужно ли привлекать кого‑то другого? Российская позиция такая: мы не против привлекать кого бы то ни было, в том числе и наших американских партнёров. Но договорились таким образом со всеми участниками этого процесса, что мы с нашими американскими коллегами будем работать параллельно. И вы знаете, мой помощник и госпожа Нуланд постоянно встречаются, регулярно эти темы обсуждают, ищут компромиссы. Но это, разумеется, делается не келейно, не тайно, и все участники нормандского формата в курсе, знают, и мы учитываем, конечно, и позицию наших американских партнёров.
Т.Колтон: Анджела Стент, пожалуйста.
А.Стент (как переведено): Спасибо. Мой вопрос адресован Президенту Путину. Я профессор Джорджтаунского университета Вашингтона.
Россия недавно вышла из соглашения с Соединёнными Штатами по уничтожению плутония, но в то же время российское Правительство заявило, что рассмотрит повторное вступление к соглашению, если будут выполнены три условия. Первое, что войска НАТО должны вернуться к тем позициям, которые они занимали до 2000‑х годов в Европе, во‑вторых, «закон Магнитского» должен быть отменён, и в‑третьих, что санкции, введённые против России с момента начала украинского кризиса, должны быть сняты, и России должна быть предоставлена компенсация.
Вопрос заключается в следующем. 20 января у нас будет новый президент, я настроена оптимистично, должны ли мы понимать в США, что эти три условия лягут в основу изначальной переговорной позиции со стороны Российской Федерации с новым американским президентом, когда он вновь восстановит отношения высокого уровня с Кремлём?
В.Путин: Вы профессор, сразу видно, что не дипломат. Если Вы у дипломатов спросите, они Вам скажут, что есть такое понятие, как запросная позиция, и решение по поводу договора об уничтожении избыточного количества оружейного плутония – мы из него не вышли. Соединённые Штаты вышли из договора по противоракетной обороне, а мы не вышли, мы приостановили его действие. Но почему? Я думаю, что все здесь знают почему. Это соглашение что предусматривало? Оно предусматривало, что и в России, и в США будут построены заводы, которые будут уничтожать избыточное количество оружейного плутония, наработанного как в США, так и в России.
США свои обязательства не только не выполнили, а объявили, что выполнять не намерены – со ссылкой на финансовые трудности. Как будто у нас таких финансовых трудностей нет. Но мы завод построили и уничтожаем этот плутоний промышленным способом. То, что объявили Соединённые Штаты, причём в одностороннем порядке, никак с нами свои действия не согласовывая… Они сказали, что они будут его разбавлять, этот оружейный плутоний, там хранить в каких‑то пластах и так далее.
Это значит, специалисты говорят, это называется возвратный потенциал. В любую секунду можно вернуть, опять обогатить, и всё снова здорово, как у нас в народе говорят. А мы‑то уничтожаем его промышленным способом. Мы завод построили, деньги истратили. Мы что, богаче Соединённых Штатов, что ли?
И очень по многим вопросам нам очень трудно разговаривать с администрацией сегодняшней, потому что ничего почти не выполняется, почти никакие договорённости не исполняются, в том числе и по Сирии. Может, ещё к этому вернёмся. Но мы готовы будем разговаривать с новым президентом и искать решения любых сложных вопросов, любых.
Вопрос (как переведено): Господин Президент, хотел бы задать Вам вопрос по политике России в отношении Азии. Сегодня акцент делается на построении многополярного мира во внешней политике России. Но помимо этого вы также уделяете особое внимание многополярности в Азии. Сегодня в Вашей речи Вы, в частности, на мой взгляд, указали на рост напряжённости в отношениях с Западом и о переориентировании на Азию. Но есть и проблемы в Азии. В частности, появление новых игроков ведёт к появлению страхов, появляются новые разделительные барьеры. Скажите, есть ли опасность того, что Россия путём акцента на многополярном мире может недооценить опасность однополярной Азии в ущерб необходимости всех великих держав работать вместе для создания нового мира?
В.Путин: Мы интенсифицируем развитие наших отношений с азиатскими странами не потому, что у нас напряглись отношения с Европой или Соединёнными Штатами. Просто то, что сейчас происходит, диктуется самой жизнью. Необходимость расширения наших контактов, увеличение этих контактов диктуются жизнью. Почему?
Рост и значение азиатских стран растут и будут расти дальше, причём достаточно высокими темпами. Но для России, значительная часть территории которой находится в Азии, было бы нелепым не использовать своё географическое преимущество и не развивать отношения с нашими соседями.
Китай – наш сосед, я говорил об этом во вступительном слове. С Индией у нас хорошая предыстория отношений, что грех было бы это не использовать для развития отношений с Индией сегодня и на длительную историческую перспективу. У нас много совпадающих интересов. Мы естественным образом взаимодополняем друг друга, кстати говоря, как в политике, так и в экономике.
Но что касается многополярности или однополярности Азии, Азия не является однополярной, мы это прекрасно видим и понимаем.
Жизнь вообще сложна и многообразна, она вообще вся соткана из противоречий. Важно только, чтобы эти противоречия разрешались цивилизованным способом. Мне кажется, что у лидеров азиатских стран сегодня достаточно здравого смысла, чтобы выйти именно на такой режим работы друг с другом. И мы готовы работать в таком же режиме со всеми.
Вы знаете, что я недавно был с визитом в Индии, только что вернулся из Индии наш Министр обороны. У нас не только по линии оборонных ведомств, по линии промышленного производства в оборонной сфере, но и в гражданских областях очень много пересекающихся интересов с Индией, Китаем, тем же Вьетнамом, с другими странами региона. И они очень перспективные и масштабные.
Т.Колтон: Тома Гомар, пожалуйста.
Т.Гомар (как переведено): Господин Президент, в сентябре 2014 года на Валдайском клубе Вы описали отношения между Украиной и Россией следующим предложением: две страны – один народ. А каким образом Вы сегодня описали бы отношения между этими двумя странами?
В.Путин: Я сейчас не буду говорить про то, кто в чём виноват, но я считаю, как и считал, что русские и украинцы – это действительно один народ. У нас есть люди крайних националистических взглядов, как в России, так и в Украине. Но в целом в большинстве своём это один народ – народ одной истории, одной культуры, очень близкий этнически. Нас сначала разделили, а потом стравили, но мы сами в этом виноваты. И мы должны сами найти выход из этой ситуации. Уверен, что здравый смысл восторжествует, и мы этот выход найдём.
Вопрос: Уважаемый господин Президент! До моего вопроса хотел бы очень коротко передать Вам слова моих молодых студентов. Два года назад, когда Вы были в Шанхае по очень важным другим делам, наши студенты пропустили шанс встретиться в университете с Вами и Вас спросить. Но они сказали мне, что всегда Вас ждут. И это не зависит от того, будете Вы на пенсии или нет.
Мой вопрос такой. Сегодня мы обсуждаем философский вопрос международных отношений. Человеческое сообщество уже переживало многие вариантов международной системы. По Вашему представлению, будущие системы до какой степени будут похожи на бывшие? И на какие положительные элементы нам больше нужно обращать внимания? Это немножко теоретически, по каким принципам, более универсальным или более многообразным? Какие сочетания, какие комбинации среди них Вы предпочитаете?
Ещё конкретный вопрос. В текущие дни очень оживлённо обсуждаем вопрос, какие взаимоотношения между Россией, Западом и Китаем.
В.Путин: Хайнц здесь такую ремарку сделал, что это очень философский вопрос, об этом можно долго рассуждать.
Будет ли мир будущего таким, каким он был в прошлом? Конечно, нет. Разве это возможно? Мир меняется очень сильно. Разве Китай 60–70‑х годов похож на Китай сегодняшнего дня? Совсем две разные страны, да и Советского Союза нет.
Господин Мбеке говорил про Африку. Я с этими тезисами согласен. Но Африка не может быть где‑то на периферии. Если кто‑то так думает, то он глубоко заблуждается. Если мы будем действовать именно таким образом, нас ждут очень тяжёлые испытания. Мы уже сейчас видим, говорят: беженцы-беженцы, Сирия-Сирия. Я сегодня только смотрел – очередное событие в Средиземном море, где итальянская береговая охрана вылавливала беженцев из Африки. При чём здесь Сирия? Вы знаете, это очень серьёзный вопрос – будущее мира и будущее Африки. Так же и взаимоотношения в Азии, там много конфликтных, таких потенциально конфликтных ситуаций.
Хочу повторить то, что я только что сказал. Вопрос в том, хватит ли у нас ума и мужества найти приемлемые способы решения всех этих проблем и сложных конфликтов. Мне бы очень хотелось, чтобы это было именно так, чтобы мир действительно стал многополярным и чтобы учитывались мнения всех участников международного сообщества. Маленькая это страна или большая, должны быть единообразно понимаемые общие правила, гарантирующие суверенитет и интересы народов.
А что касается наших взаимоотношений между нашими партнёрами в Европе, в Соединённых Штатах, в Америке вообще, в азиатских странах, мы выстраиваем разновекторную политику, и не только в силу своего географического положения. Наша политика в отношении всех наших партнёров строится на основе равноправия и взаимного уважения.
Т.Колтон: Хорошо.
Николай Злобин, пожалуйста.
Н.Злобин: Владимир Владимирович, у меня вопрос тоже философский, но я подразумеваю, что Вы уже думали на эту тему, поэтому хотел бы получить от Вас ответ в Вашем стиле. Вы умеете формулировать афористично, мы все это знаем.
Я вернусь к Вашей речи, к ней пока никто не апеллировал. Я не согласен с одной вещью в Вашей речи, где Вы описывали мир. Вы описывали его правильно, но мне кажется, что сводить всё к злой воле элит или каких‑то отдельных лидеров, это не совсем правильно. Страны действуют под влиянием очень большого количества объективных факторов. Даже Вы сейчас, говоря о евразийском сотрудничестве, сказали, что жизнь требует так поступать. Я помню, когда была история с Крымом, Вы сказали: я не мог поступить иначе, хотя весь мир считал, что это не самый лучший жест доброй воли.
Мой вопрос в этой связи. Думаю, что страны действуют под влиянием национальных интересов, того, как они видят мир. И очень часто эти национальные интересы входят в противоречия, одной страны и другой страны.
Однажды в интервью какому‑то западному агентству Вы сказали, что Ваша работа – продвигать национальные интересы России. Поэтому я подозреваю, что Вы знаете, что такое национальные интересы России, причём не тактические, не сегодняшние, а фундаментальные, которые существовали раньше и будут существовать потом. Думаю, что Вам ещё рано на пенсию уходить, но всё равно когда‑нибудь это случится, и национальные интересы сохранятся. Есть у Вас формула в голове, ёмкая, хорошая, как объяснить миру? Потому что одна из проблем, что Россия воспринимается страной непредсказуемой. Можете Вы объяснить одной формулой, которая сохранится надолго, что такое национальные интересы России?
В.Путин: То, что хорошо для русского человека, то и национальные интересы России и вообще для народов Российской Федерации. Но вопрос не в том, чтобы любой ценой продвигать эти национальные интересы, вопрос в том, как это делать. Я хочу вернуть нас к ставшему ключевым вопросу: мы считаем, что добиваться своих национальных интересов нужно в диалоге со всеми участниками международной жизни, уважая их интересы и пользуясь единообразно понимаемыми правилами игры, которые называются «международное право».
Кстати, когда выступала Тарья, она сказала, что несколько мрачновато прозвучали мои оценки. Если именно так и восприняли, что исключительно в ошибках элит заключаются все проблемы сегодняшнего дня, то, конечно, я не это имел в виду. Это одна из серьёзных проблем сегодняшнего дня – расхождения между интересами так называемых широких масс и правящими классами, но не единственная, а в основе, конечно, лежат и интересы, но способы достижения своих интересов важны, вот что важно.
А.Мухин: Владимир Владимирович, на Украине постоянно пытаются что‑нибудь запретить российское. И складывается такое ощущение, что любые российские компоненты просто выдавливаются из украинского общества. В этой связи у меня тоже философский вопрос. Пётр Порошенко говорил о том, что он намерен продать свой российский бизнес. Этот бизнес существует вообще или нет? И как Вы к этому относитесь?
В.Путин: Мы стремимся к тому, чтобы уважать право собственности. Алексей Леонидович – горячий приверженец, считает, что это один из столпов экономической политики, и в этом смысле я с ним полностью согласен. У нас далеко не всегда так получается, нам практику нужно ещё поправлять, и в законодательстве многое нужно сделать, но мы всегда будем к этому стремиться.
То же самое касается и наших иностранных инвесторов, в том числе и украинских инвесторов. Пётр Алексеевич Порошенко является одним из таких инвесторов, имею в виду, что он является собственником достаточно крупного предприятия в Липецкой области – фабрики «Рошен». Там, собственно, два предприятия, второе занимается, по‑моему, реализацией продукции. Там есть некоторые проблемы, связанные с невозвратом НДС, и судебные органы ввели определённые ограничительные меры, но фабрика работает, работает ритмично, выплачивает зарплату, получает прибыль, и нет никаких ограничений, связанных с использованием этой прибыли, в том числе и с переводом её за границу. Я сейчас не помню, сколько, не погружаюсь в такие детали, но она работает с прибылью, и работает успешно.
П.Дуткевич: Господин Президент, я уже задал этот вопрос заместителю Министра иностранных дел вчера, но я понял свою ошибку, потому что исключительным адресатом этого вопроса являетесь Вы, Владимир Владимирович.
Вопрос такой: поступила информация, я не знаю, насколько она достоверна, что во время встречи с господином Обамой в Китае в сентябре этого года Вы разговаривали о перемирии в Сирии. Не знаю, насколько это достоверно, но Вам предложили семидневное перемирие. Вы засомневались и сказали, что невозможно за такой короткий период развести радикалов от мирных, и вряд ли можно это сделать. Поэтому Вам на это был ответ, что если мы не сумеем это сделать, тогда у вас свободные руки. Вы можете вспомнить этот разговор? Потому что он очень важный для истории того, что происходит сейчас в Сирии.
В.Путин: Да мне и не нужно его вспоминать, я его и не забывал. Это очень важный разговор. Там действительно шла речь о том, чтобы прекратить работу российской и сирийской авиации по нанесению ударов по объектам террористов в Алеппо до разделения так называемой здоровой части оппозиции от «Джабхат ан-Нусры» – террористической организации, признанной в таком качестве Организацией Объединённых Наций, входящей в перечень международных террористических организаций.
В этой связи хотел бы заметить, что не секретом является то, что нам наши американские партнёры обещали это сделать. Они признали, во‑первых, что это нужно сделать, они признали, что часть Алеппо занята террористическими организациями – и ИГИЛ, и «Джабхат ан-Нусрой». Собственно говоря, это видно на кадрах телевизионной хроники, когда мы видим знамя ИГИЛ, знамя «Джабхат ан-Нусры» в определённых районах Алеппо. Они признали, что это надо сделать, и заверили нас, что сделают это.
А после этого мы договорились о том, что вместе определим прямо на поле боя, где здоровая часть оппозиции, и мы их не будем трогать вообще, а где террористы, и мы будем вместе с американскими нашими партнёрами работать по этим террористам. Они обещали нам многократно и на уровне Минобороны, и на уровне министров иностранных дел, и на уровне специальных служб. К сожалению, раз за разом всё это срывалось, и они этого не делали.
В очередной раз этот вопрос был поднят во время нашей встречи в Китае. Действительно, мой американский партнёр, Президент Обама, предложил в очередной раз их развести. Но он настаивал на том, чтобы сначала мы объявили день Д, день тишины, прекратили бы боевые действия, удары авиации, а затем в течение семи дней они брали бы на себя обязательство развести оппозицию здоровую и «Джабхат ан-Нусру» друг с другом. Я сейчас не буду говорить о деталях, потому что не считаю себя вправе какие‑то детали воспроизводить вслух. Всё‑таки в ходе таких переговоров остаётся какая‑то часть, которая доверительно доводится друг до друга. Но факт остаётся фактом.
Вместо того чтобы развести террористов, «Джабхат ан-Нусру», и здоровую часть оппозиции, наши американские партнёры сами сорвали это перемирие. Кстати говоря, в конечном итоге я хоть и настаивал на том, что сначала развести нужно, а потом прекратить полёты авиации, но в ходе дискуссии согласился с мнением американского партнёра. Он настаивал, и я с ним согласился, пошёл навстречу, сказал: ладно, бог с ним, мы сначала объявляем перемирие, не будем летать, не будем наносить удары, пожалуйста, вот вам семь дней.
Перемирие было объявлено, по‑моему, 12 сентября. 17‑го американская авиация нанесла удар по сирийским войскам, после чего подразделения ИГИЛ перешли в наступление. Нам сказали, что удар был нанесён по ошибке, а ИГИЛ перешёл в наступление случайно, это случайность. Может быть, и так, но перемирие было сорвано и далеко не по нашей вине.
А что там обещал или что не обещал Президент Соединённых Штатов, это всё‑таки Вы спрашивайте у него. Я думаю, что в ходе, допустим, своей поездки по европейским странам он сам об этом расскажет нашим европейским уже партнёрам. И думаю, что нужно сделать это откровенно и честно, а не просто использовать их для того, чтобы повлиять на нашу позицию по Сирии.
Да, кстати говоря, вы знаете, сегодня уже девятый день, когда российская и сирийская авиация в районе Алеппо просто не работает. Вот вам ещё не семь дней, вот вам ещё девять, уже десять дней сейчас будет. Где разведение террористов и здоровой части оппозиции? Понимаете, если мы не будем выполнять взятых на себя обязательств, мы никогда не добьёмся успеха в решении задач борьбы с террором.
Я понимаю, это непростая задача, и мы здесь не склонны никого ни в чём обвинять, но уж если о чём‑то договорились, надо исполнять. Во всяком случае, на нас не перекладывать вину и не обвинять во всех смертных грехах. Это просто неприлично. Мы пока ведём себя сдержанно и также по‑хамски нашим партнёрам не отвечаем, но всё имеет свои границы, можем и ответить.
Т.Колтон: Господин Черногорский из Словакии. Пожалуйста, Вам слово.
Черногорский: Я буду как будто продолжать вопрос Анджелы Стент, хотя мы не договорились. Господин Президент, условия, которые, Вы сказали, в связи с договором об утилизации плутония, по сути, являются наступательными условиями. Когда бы эти условия были исполнены, это бы означало практически, что будут аннулированы все отступления России практически со времён Михаила Горбачёва. Меня интересует время. Как Вы оцениваете, когда бы такие условия могли быть исполнены или, скажу это по‑другому, думаете, что Вы увидите исполнение этих условий ещё как Президент Российской Федерации?
В.Путин: Условия, о которых Вы говорили сейчас и которые Вы назвали наступательными, они изложены на бумаге. Это Указ Президента Российской Федерации. Это бумажка.
А условия уничтожения оружейного плутония, которые нарушили Соединённые Штаты, – это очень серьёзный вопрос в сфере международной безопасности и обращения ядерных материалов. Это совершенно две разные категории. И мы вышли из этого договора, потому что Соединённые Штаты не выполняют взятых на себя обязательств. А об условиях того, как вести нам переговорный процесс по широкому кругу проблем, мы договоримся.
Т.Колтон: Михаил Погребинский, пожалуйста, из Киева.
М.Погребинский: Владимир Владимирович, возвращаюсь к вопросу, который был задан коллегой из Германии. Мне кажется, Вы не вполне ответили на него, а это важно, по‑моему.
Речь идёт о том, что, действительно, насколько мы понимаем, интерпретации результатов этого Берлина были разные в Киеве и в Москве. Во всяком случае, два слова скажу, что киевская интерпретация такая: главный успех Порошенко на этих переговорах – это то, что он убедил ООН и вообще участники переговоров убедили Вас в том, что Вы согласились на полицейскую миссию.
При этом в Киеве понимают эту полицейскую миссию как некую такую систему, которая будет с оружием обеспечивать безопасность до проведения выборов и после проведения выборов какое‑то время. Информация из Москвы официальная была такая, что, в общем, не совсем так.
Можете внести какую‑то ясность по этому поводу, чтобы было понятно?
В.Путин: Я могу попросить Тарью или Ханца, они очень хорошо знают, что такое ОБСЕ, как работает эта организация. Скажу Вам свою позицию по этому вопросу.
Президент Порошенко выступил с инициативой так называемой полицейской миссии во время проведения будущих возможных выборов в Донбассе, в Донецке и Луганске. Я единственный, кто его поддержал. Просто я не называю это полицейской миссией в силу того, что вообще все остальные участники процесса возражают, а возражают не потому, что не хотят помочь Петру Алексеевичу, а потому, что ОБСЕ никогда ничего подобного не делала, у неё нет такого опыта, нет людей, нет практики осуществления каких бы то ни было полицейских миссий.
И на сегодняшний день эта идея, выдвинутая Петром Алексеевичем Порошенко и поддержанная Вашим покорным слугой, она другими участниками этого процесса не поддерживается, но мы называем это не полицейской миссией, а возможностью тех, кто будет обеспечивать выборы и безопасность на выборах, находиться там с табельным стрелковым оружием. Те, кто против реализации этого предложения, указывают на то, что это может спровоцировать неизвестно кого на применение оружия против вооружённых людей.
Они считают, что сила наблюдателей ОБСЕ заключается не в том, что у них табельное оружие, а в том, что они как раз представляют общепризнанную мировую солидную международную организацию, и как раз они сами не вооружены, и применять против них силу и оружие – это абсолютно неприемлемо и будет восприниматься как самое неприемлемое поведение кого бы то ни было. И в этом их сила, а не в том, что у них будет пистолет.
Хотя, если Пётр Алексеевич считает, что это пошло бы на пользу, я лично его поддерживаю, но я единственный, кто это делает. Это странная ситуация, это единственное, где наши мнения совпадают. Но я уже об этом говорил неоднократно, и здесь нет никакой новизны, и в конечном итоге все согласились, что это возможно, но нужно это проработать, в том числе на площадке ОБСЕ. Не знаю, Тарья меня поправит, но, по‑моему, в практике ОБСЕ никогда такого не было. Тарья, можно тебя спросить?
Т.Халонен: Да, должна честно сказать, что не могу припомнить таких случаев. Возможно, стоит спросить кого‑то, у кого есть более актуальная информация, но я займусь этим вопросом.
Т.Колтон: Представитель, пожалуйста, из Пекина.
Вопрос (как переведено): Бывший Президент Австрийской Республики господин Фишер сказал, что отношения между ЕС и Россией не такие, как 25 лет назад ожидалось, какими они будут. И, к сожалению, это сейчас имеет место, но нам нужно быть оптимистами тем не менее.
И хочу спросить господина Президента: с Вашей точки, почему это так происходит? И какие могут быть ожидания? Какие ожидания 25 лет назад были неверными или были неверными всё время? И с философской точки зрения какие уроки, как Вам кажется, следует извлечь для следующих 25 лет?
В.Путин: Что было сделано правильно, а что неправильно? Ожидания были большие в связи с тем, что Советский Союз перешёл к политике открытости, в связи с тем что практически то, что считалось главным, что разделяло Советский Союз и потом Россию, и западный мир, исчезло – я имею в виду идеологические разногласия. И, откровенно говоря, у нас сначала и в Советском Союзе при Горбачёве, а дальше и в России все считали, что сейчас начнётся совершенно другая жизнь. Вот здесь один из наших экспертов правильно сказал: существуют вещи, как оказалось, гораздо более глубинные, чем даже идеологические противоречия, а это так называемые и национальные, и геополитические интересы.
Можно было бы сделать что‑то по‑другому? Да, можно. Я на прошлой встрече здесь, по‑моему, в этом зале, говорил: был такой немецкий политик господин Рау, известный деятель Социал-демократической партии Германии, его уже нет среди нас, но он тогда вёл очень активную дискуссию с руководством Советского Союза. И он тогда говорил – у нас есть записи этих бесед, мы до сих пор никак не можем это опубликовать, но надо это сделать, – что в Европе должна быть создана новая система международной безопасности.
Помимо НАТО нужно создать ещё структуру, в которую входил бы и Советский Союз, и те страны, которые выходят из Варшавского договора, но с участием США, с тем чтобы была сбалансированная система. И дальше он продолжал, что если этого не будет сделано, в конечном итоге это будет приводить к тому, что вся эта система, созданная во времена холодной войны, будет работать против Советского Союза. И он говорил, что это беспокоит меня только потому, что это будет разбалансировать всю систему международных отношений и вопросы безопасности в Европе будут подвергаться серьёзным испытаниям.
Как этот дед сказал, так и случилось. И тогда вот те люди, которые работали над преобразованиями в мире, одни не хотели ничего менять, им представлялось, что и так они на коне, а другие не имели политической воли, чтобы реализовать эти абсолютно правильные мысли очень мудрого и опытного немецкого политика.
Но я надеюсь, что всё‑таки с изменением реального соотношения сил в мире будет меняться и политико-дипломатическое и нормативное сопровождение этих изменений в лучшую сторону. Мир будет более сбалансированным и многополярным.
Х.Фишер: Могу добавить следующее, что 25 лет назад, в начале 90‑х годов, в Европейском союзе было 12 членов. Швеция, Финляндия, Австрия присоединились лишь в 1994–1995 годах. Это была эпоха такого «медового месяца» между Россией и Европой, в частности между Россией и Германией, Россией и другими важными странами Европы. Это был период до экономического кризиса, когда темпы экономического роста были более высокими, перед введением евро. Введение евро – очень важная мера, но евро – это также проблематичный компонент, если вы посмотрите на ситуацию в Греции или в Италии. Такие факторы тоже следует принимать во внимание.
Спасибо.
Т.Халонен: Я также хотела бы добавить, что 25 лет назад Россия была другой, Европейский союз был другим. Я также была вовлечена в этот процесс. Думаю, что урок, который мы могли бы извлечь со стороны ЕС и со стороны Совета ЕС – это была очень хорошая возможность для расширения. Возможно, нам следовало бы больше вкладывать в процесс расширения, не только до процесса расширения, но и после процесса расширения. И, возможно, процесс проходил бы легче сегодня. Но, конечно, всегда времени не хватает. Мы не можем вернуться в прошлое, мы сейчас стараемся строить будущее дальше.
Т.Колтон: Габор Штиер, пожалуйста.
Г.Штиер: Мой вопрос Президенту Путину об Украине.
С приближением зимы обычно в последние годы часто говорим о том, что будет на Украине, что будет с безопасностью экспорта российского газа. Будет ли тепло в украинских квартирах? Будет ли Киев платить за газ? Откуда будет покупать? Мой вопрос следующий. Ведутся ли переговоры о поставке газа теперь в Украину? И говорили ли об этом с украинским Президентом в Берлине?
В.Путин: У нас вызывает обеспокоенность то, что происходит сейчас с этой энергетической, очень важной составляющей на Украине. Потому что, по нашему мнению, по мнению наших специалистов, а они не хуже, чем на Украине, потому что это когда‑то был единый комплекс, как известно, во времена Советского Союза, мы прекрасно себе отдаём отчёт в том, что там происходит. Для того чтобы обеспечить бесперебойные поставки в Европу, нужно закачать необходимый объём в подземные хранилища. Не для внутреннего потребления, а для обеспечения транзита. Вот в чём технологический смысл того, что было сделано ещё во времена Советского Союза.
Газа закачано мало, недостаточно. В принципе от 17 до 21 миллиарда должно быть закачено в подземное хранилище, закачано только, по‑моему, четырнадцать, и более того, сейчас уже начался отбор оттуда. Это вызывает определённые опасения. Мы с Президентом Украины по его инициативе обсуждали вопрос с газоснабжением Украины. Он задал вопрос, может ли Россия возобновить поставки. Конечно, может в любую секунду. Для этого ничего не нужно.
У нас есть контракт, есть дополнение к нему. Нужно только одно – предоплата. И на тот объём денег, которые будут предоплачены, мы точно и гарантированно будем осуществлять поставки наших энергоносителей для потребителей Украины. Но сегодня цена для Украины, а мы договорились об этом раньше, мы сказали об этом раньше, ещё в прошлом году, будет не выше, хочу это подчеркнуть, не выше, чем у соседних государств, в частности для Польши.
Сейчас самой актуальной ценовой ситуации не знаю, но на момент нашего разговора Польша у нас по тем договорным обязательствам, которые есть и которые действуют, покупала газ где‑то по 185, по 184 доллара за тысячу кубов. Украине мы могли бы продавать за 180. Я эту цену назвал – 180 долларов за 1 тысячу кубов. Но нам сказали, что лучше им покупать по реверсу, – пожалуйста. Это, правда, нарушение контрактов между «Газпромом» и его контрагентами в Западной Европе, но мы смотрим на это уже сквозь пальцы, с пониманием.
Если нравится больше по реверсу – пожалуйста, пусть по реверсу покупают, но, насколько мне известно, стоимость газа для конечного потребителя, для промышленных потребителей на Украине сегодня уже превышает 300 долларов за 1 тысячу кубов. Мы предлагаем продавать по 180, но у нас брать пока не хотят. У меня есть основания полагать, что посредники, которые участвуют в этих сделках, покупая по реверсу, видимо, близки сердцу некоторых руководителей в топливно-энергетическом комплексе на Украине. Флаг им в руки, пусть они работают, только главное, чтобы они обеспечили транзит в европейские страны.
Ф.Лукьянов: Владимир Владимирович, в развитие темы, которую Вы и в речи затронули, и потом немножко звучала. Мы все читаем газеты, ведущие мировые журналы, обложки смотрим, тоже очень красивые бывают, наверное, и Вы тоже видите что‑то из этого. Вам приятно чувствовать себя самым опасным и самым могущественным человеком в мире? Это вообще высокая очень оценка ведь.
В.Путин: Вы знаете, мне, конечно, приятно с вами беседовать сегодня, не скрою, и я люблю это дело. Но гораздо более важным считаю прохождение бюджета Российской Федерации через российский парламент, с тем чтобы нам обеспечить воздействие бюджета на решение самых главных вопросов, перед которыми стоит страна. А именно: обеспечение темпов устойчивого роста, необходимых для нашей экономики, решение социальных задач. У нас их огромное количество. Слава богу, нам удаётся сейчас сдерживать инфляцию, которая у нас будет в этом году, надеюсь, все эксперты так говорят, ниже шести процентов. У нас дефицит бюджета, надеюсь, не превысит заданных величин, где‑то три процента.
Как вы знаете, у нас кардинальным образом, в разы, уменьшился отток капитала. Разные есть причины на этот счёт, они есть разные, но реально уменьшился этот отток. У нас много нерешённых проблем, перед которыми стоит страна. И только от решения этих проблем, прежде всего в сфере экономики, социальной сфере, зависит внутренняя политическая стабильность и вес России в мире. Вот я о чём думаю, а не о каком‑то мифическом могуществе.
Т.Колтон: Мы работаем уже два с половиной часа. Мне как модератору надо Вам задать вопрос. Сколько у Вас остаётся резерва времени и терпения? Ваше решение.
В.Путин: Я пришёл сюда, чтобы пообщаться с аудиторией. Вы здесь руководите процессом…
Т.Колтон: Я местный президент, можно сказать.
В.Путин: Я готов подчиниться тому регламенту, который Вы здесь будете продвигать. Пожалуйста.
Т.Колтон: Давайте, работаем ещё полчаса. Он готов. Хорошо.
В таком случае у меня ещё список желающих задать вопросы. Я попытаюсь внести в него обновления.
Следующий выступающий Юрий Слёзкин, Калифорния.
Ю.Слёзкин: Как Вы думаете, какие темы будут главными в главе «Путинская эпоха» в будущих учебниках русской истории? То есть эти учебники уже пишутся, эти главы уже некоторые начинают писать. Некоторые называют Вас строителем государства, преобразователем, централизатором и сравнивают с Екатериной, Петром и другими.
Некоторые считают Вас по большей части консерватором и охранителем. Некоторые делят Ваше правление на два периода: первый – строительство и укрепление государства, и второй период – реакции. И в этом смысле сравнивают Вас со Сталиным и Иваном Грозным среди прочих. Как Вы себе представляете эту главу будущего учебника?
И если я могу ещё задать вопрос, имеющий к первому вопросу отношение: о ком и о чём, по‑Вашему, будет следующая глава? Потому что у нас тут два дня назад Вячеслав Володин повторил своё утверждение двухлетней давности о том, что нет Путина – нет России. И это, мне кажется, подчёркивает важность одного из основных вопросов любой политической системы – вопроса о механизме наследования власти, механизме преемственности. О механизме, который в русской истории очень редко работал гладко и предсказуемо. Что, по‑Вашему, нужно сделать, чтобы следующая глава в нашем учебнике русской истории не называлась «Смутное время»?
В.Путин: На Екатерину я точно не похож по гендерному признаку.
Что касается того главного, о чём, мне кажется, будет интересно узнать будущим исследователям русской истории: главное заключается в том, как нам удалось добиться сплочённости российского общества и русского народа, объединить всех вокруг решения общенациональной задачи. А позволю себе вернуться в ещё советскую историографию и всё‑таки подчеркнуть, что при всей важности личности в истории всё‑таки реальным творцом являются сами люди, сами граждане страны.
А на Ваш вопрос о том, в отношении кого и в отношении чего можно будет писать следующую главу, на это тоже ответят люди, в отношении того, кого они выберут, и в отношении того, что эти люди вместе с будущим руководством страны сделают.
Вопрос: Добрый день! Вашингтонское отделение Международного института стратегических исследований. У меня три конкретных нефилософских вопроса.
В.Путин: Вы шпион?
Реплика: Нет. (Смех.)
В.Путин: А кто же тогда?
Реплика: Учёный.
В.Путин: Нет, я здесь ничего плохого не вижу. Ладно, потом я расскажу историю про одного крупного очень известного политического деятеля в США, которого я очень уважаю и очень люблю. У нас с ним был такой интересный разговор на этот счёт.
Пожалуйста, извините.
Вопрос: У меня вопрос по поводу договора об РСМД. Сейчас он испытывает большие трудности, как Вы знаете; есть много громких взаимных обвинений и так далее. И в этом контексте очень важно понимать общий подход России к этому договору. Есть ли ценность для России в этом договоре – если да, то какая? И вообще стоит ли этот договор сохранить?
В.Путин: Он представил бы очень большую ценность для нас, если бы нашему с Соединёнными Штатами примеру последовали другие страны. Ведь что получилось: наивное бывшее российское руководство пошло на то, чтобы ликвидировать ракеты средней дальности наземного базирования. Американцы ликвидировали «Першинги», мы – ракеты СС-20, их порезали. Была в этой связи известная трагедия, которая связана с тем, что главный конструктор этих систем покончил жизнь самоубийством, посчитал, что это предательство национальных интересов и одностороннее разоружение.
Почему одностороннее? А потому что по этому соглашению мы наземный комплекс порезали, но это соглашение не затронуло ракет средней дальности, расположенных на море и в воздухе. Воздушного и морского базирования (это соглашение ракетно-воздушного и морского базирования) это соглашение не коснулось. У Советского Союза их просто не было, а Соединённые Штаты их оставили на вооружении.
Но получилась явная диспропорция: Соединённые Штаты оказались вооружены ракетами средней дальности – какая разница, они на море находятся, в воздухе тем более или на суше; а Советский Союз просто лишил себя этого вида оружия. Тем более что соседние наши государства – вот в Штатах никто из соседей Соединённых Штатов такое оружие не производят: ни Канада, ни Мексика, а у нас соседние страны почти всё производят: и страны на востоке наших границ, и на Ближнем Востоке, и так далее – кругом. Поэтому для нас это особое испытание, но тем не менее мы считаем необходимым соблюдать это соглашение. Тем более, как вы знаете, у нас тоже сейчас появилось такое же оружие – ракета средней дальности морского и воздушного базирования.
Т.Колтон: Я передаю слово господину Тайсу Кею, Токио.
Тайс Кей: Токийский фонд, Япония. Наконец‑то в сентябре объявлена дата Вашего визита в Японию: это 15 декабря. И сейчас идут интенсивные переговоры о подготовке к этому. Уверен, что ваш визит окажет большой толчок к укреплению отношений между Японией и Россией.
В связи с этим у меня такой вопрос. Накануне Вашей встречи с Премьер-министром Абэ во Владивостоке Вы дали интервью, что нынешнего состояния атмосферы между Японией и Россией недостаточно для подписания мирного договора. У меня такой вопрос: Вы сохраняете такую же оценку сейчас? И если это так, то насколько реалистично ожидать создания атмосферы, которая позволит Японии и России подписать мировой договор в ближайшем будущем – я имею в виду в течение двух, трёх, четырёх лет?
В.Путин: Вы знаете, это тот случай, где, на мой взгляд, нельзя, невозможно и даже вредно определять какие‑то сроки. Скажем, мы с Китайской Народной Республикой вели переговоры по территориальным вопросам на границе в течение 40 лет. И мы договорились окончательно и подписали соответствующее соглашение, в том числе, а может быть, прежде всего потому, что мы с Китаем достигли беспрецедентного уровня сотрудничества, который мы называем больше, чем стратегическим партнёрством – привилегированное стратегическое партнёрство. Так и есть, очень большая степень доверия. И конечно, к сожалению, наши отношения с Японией такого качества ещё не достигли. Но это не значит, что мы не можем этого сделать. Более того, на мой взгляд, и Япония, и Россия заинтересованы в окончательном урегулировании вообще всех вопросов, потому что это соответствует нашим взаимным национальным интересам. Мы этого хотим, мы к этому стремимся.
Когда это будет сделано, как это будет сделано и будет ли сделано вообще, я сейчас ответить не могу. Это вопрос, который мы должны решать вместе, и опираясь на то, что уже было достигнуто в прежние времена, и, конечно, главным образом посматривая в будущее. Я очень рассчитываю, что наши МИДы, наши эксперты внесут в это достойный вклад, и мы сможем на это опереться.
О.Москателли: Вице-министр иностранных дел Богданов нам сказал, что если Ливия или Ирак попросят помощь России против терроризма, Вы будете принимать это серьёзно во внимание. Скажите нам, пожалуйста, на самом деле возможна новая практически военная российская интервенция на Ближнем Востоке, и думаете ли Вы, что это могло бы помочь разрешить проблемы в регионе или наоборот?
В.Путин: А что вы понимаете под словом «интервенция»? Это незаконное или законное участие, что?
О.Москателли: Помощь против терроризма – значит, либо нанести удар… Я не знаю, как Вы на это смотрите, но если принимать серьёзно во внимание, значит, какая‑то, может быть, интервенция, это неправильное слово, но акция военная точно.
В.Путин: Я понял. Нет, мы ничего подобного нигде не планируем.
К.Затулин: Владимир Владимирович, на дискуссии, которая у нас была здесь по Сирии, я задал вопрос Клиффорду Капчану, на который он не ответил. Я сказал о том, что мы пришли в Ближний Восток, в Сирию в том числе для того, чтобы помочь в чувствительном для Запада вопросе борьбы с терроризмом, но сейчас наблюдаем двойные стандарты, когда дело касается операции в Алеппо и операции в Мосуле.
И вопрос мой заключался в том, достигли бы мы победы во Второй мировой войне, если бы всё время любые действия на советско-германском фронте сопровождались бы обвинениями в том, что мы неправильно воюем, со стороны наших союзников, а в свою очередь мы бы обвиняли их в том, что они неправильно воюют на Тихом океане. Вопрос о двойных стандартах, и даже не связанный с Мосулом и Алеппо – с другой территорией. В Сирии нас убеждают, что надо иметь в виду всегда точку зрения оппозиции: она уважаемая, её приглашают в Лозанну, в Женеву и так далее.
Когда дело касается переговоров по Украине, то мы ведём переговоры в формате «нормандской четвёрки», но официально в переговорах никогда не участвуют ДНР и ЛНР. Это непризнанные государства, но это сторона конфликта. Почему она не признаётся стороной конфликта? Это то, что происходит в Приднестровье, то, что было в Абхазии, в Осетии и так далее. Можно ли этого добиться и нужно ли?
В.Путин: Это даже не вопрос – это констатация печального факта, согласно которому нарушаются вообще принципы урегулирования конфликтов, когда, конечно, должны непосредственное участие в выработке решений принимать конфликтующие стороны. Первое.
И, второе, это нарушение самих договорённостей в Минске, потому что там предусмотрено, что напрямую диалог будет. Ведь Минские соглашения подписаны как раз представителями Донецкой и Луганской народных республик. Украинская сторона настаивала на том, чтобы там стояли подписи руководителей этих республик. Мы эти подписи получили, а теперь с ними отказываются разговаривать. Даже логики в этом нет никакой. Это, конечно, контрпродуктивно. Вот и всё, вот и весь комментарий.
Давайте мы всё‑таки дадим слово нашим иностранным друзьям. Попрошу наших российских коллег не обижаться, всё‑таки наши гости приехали издалека, давайте им дадим слово. Пожалуйста.
Вопрос (как переведено): Для меня большая честь быть приглашённым сюда уже шестой раз подряд. У меня очень простой вопрос. Все мы представляем разные страны мира, у нас разное мнения насчёт того, что Вы делаете, у нас разное мнение насчёт внешней политики России. Но Вы приезжаете сюда для глубоких обсуждений с нами, Вы проводите с нами большое количество времени. Мы знаем, что у Вас очень плотное расписание, Вы один из самых занятых, наверное, людей. Поэтому мой вопрос: зачем Вы сюда приезжаете, зачем Вы с нами разговариваете? Я знаю, что Вы единственный лидер, который таким образом обменивается мнением с представителями интеллектуальной элиты со всего мира. В чём выгода лично для Вас? Как Вы можете содействовать национальным интересам России здесь и за пределами?
В.Путин: Две задачи. Первая – послушать умных людей, экспертов. Мне реально интересно ваше мнение, это полезно и для меня, и для моих коллег. И второе – донести до вас и через вас нашу точку зрения из первых уст. Вот и всё. Я считаю, что это важно.
Пожалуйста.
Вопрос (как переведено): Спасибо, господин Президент.
Мне неважно, зачем Вы здесь, но я очень благодарна Вам, что Вы здесь. Думаю, для нас большая честь, что Вы здесь присутствуете.
Мой вопрос касается отношений с США. Критика США в Вашем выступлении была гораздо менее резкой, чем несколько лет назад, но я не думаю, что кто‑либо здесь был бы удивлён тому, что большая часть критики была направлена на США.
Когда я слушала Ваше выступление о выборах в США, о нашем поведении, я не могла не думать о заголовке в США, когда будет опубликована запись наших обсуждений. Хочу Вам рассказать о тех заметках, которые я сделала.
Люди в Америке говорят: действительно ли российский лидер верит, что описание американского политического процесса, которое он представил, выдвигается для того, чтобы противодействовать критике, звучащей в Америке, в отношении российского политического процесса, или же это возврат к чему‑то тому, что, на Ваш взгляд, являлось нашей системой, но на самом деле не является? В этом заключается мой вопрос, поскольку Ваше описание нашего избирательного процесса звучит действительно так же, как наше описание вашего избирательного процесса. Это первый вопрос.
Второй вопрос. Описание нарушений международного права, например, в Белграде, звучит точно так же, как наше описание того, что произошло в Крыму. Поэтому хотела бы задать Вам следующий вопрос. Наш диалог с обеих сторон – способствуют ли ему такие описания, которые звучат и с российского телевидения, и с американского телевидения?
У нас есть такое выражение, что, если вы в яме, единственный способ выбраться оттуда – перестать копать эту яму. И поэтому такие односторонние шаги, шаги в отношениях с другими странами, – есть ли какие‑то шаги, которые могли бы быть предприняты, чтобы порвать этот порочный круг, который заключается в том, что мы описываем друг друга таким образом, что не способствуем развитию наших отношений? Мне кажется, без этого перспективы наших отношений, наверное, не очень‑то и светлые.
В.Путин: Да, конечно. Я согласен с Вами в том, что нужно, безусловно, предпринять хотя бы попытку прервать этот порочный круг. Но не мы его начали чертить, этот круг. Мы‑то, наоборот, открылись полностью в середине 1990-х годов.
Мы ожидали, что это будет равноправный диалог, что будут учитываться наши интересы, мы сможем дискутировать, в чём‑то идти навстречу друг другу. Но нельзя же решать все вопросы в одностороннем порядке, и всё. И любой ценой добиваться своих целей.
Вот Вы привели пример бомбардировок, скажем, бывшей Югославии, Белграда и Крыма. Спасибо Вам за такой пример, просто замечательный пример. Бомбардировки Белграда – вот это и есть интервенция в обход норм и правил международного права. Разве Совет Безопасности ООН принимал решение о военной интервенции в Югославии? Нет. Соединённые Штаты сделали это в одностороннем порядке.
Вы сейчас мне скажете, Вы сказали: в Крыму. А что в Крыму? Что Вы сделали в Югославии и потом отделили от неё часть государств, в том числе и Косово, а потом от Сербии. В Косово парламент проголосовал после военных действий интервенции, после многочисленных жертв. И всё, решение принято, и все с этим согласились.
В Крыму не было никакой войны. Не было никаких бомбовых ударов, военных действий, жертв нет, вообще ни один человек не погиб. Единственное, что мы сделали, – обеспечили право народа на волеизъявление в полном соответствии, кстати говоря, с уставом Организации Объединённых Наций. И слово в слово почти всё то же самое сделали, что вы сделали по Косово, только чуть больше.
В Косово парламент принял решение об отделении, а здесь люди пришли на референдум и на референдуме сказали своё мнение. А затем парламент это решение парафировал и уже как независимое государство обратился в Россию с целью воссоединения.
Конечно, можно сколько угодно пикироваться, но этот порочный круг надо прервать. Я много раз говорил об этом, хочу ещё раз сказать. Югославия, потом Ирак, я же вам говорил, потом Ливия, Афганистан, движение НАТО – это что? А потом каждый раз что‑то забывается, выбрасывается, нас на что‑то провоцируют, на какие‑то действия по защите своих интересов, а потом говорят: вот злобная Россия предпринимает такие‑то и такие‑то шаги. Так вы нас не провоцируйте на это, не провоцируйте нас на активную защиту своих интересов. Давайте мы с вами будем договариваться о чём‑то. Договориться же ни о чём невозможно. А о чём договариваемся – не выполняется.
Мне очень хотелось бы, чтобы с новой администрацией у нас сложились другие отношения – отношения партнёрства и учёта взаимных интересов.
О.Антоненко: Владимир Владимирович, если позволите, небольшую ремарку и потом вопрос. Ремарка такая: Вы в ответе на вопрос Фёдора Лукьянова сказали, что для Вас более важным является то, что происходит в России: принятие бюджета, реформы, – чем внешняя политика; поэтому она касается именно этого – того, что происходит в России.
Мы с Всемирным банком проводим каждые пять лет опросы во всех странах переходной экономики и странах бывшего Советского Союза, и в Восточной Европе, теперь в Турции и на Ближнем Востоке. И последний опрос только что закончился, и в том числе там был вопрос о том, как люди воспринимают своё положение.
И очень интересные данные по России. 30 процентов людей с самым низким доходом в России: их отношение к своей жизни за последние пять лет никоим образом не уменьшилось – наоборот, в чём‑то немного увеличилась. Это несмотря на инфляцию, несмотря на падение реального дохода, несмотря на всё, что произошло за последние три года. Но зато у тех людей, которые представляют 30 процентов наибольшего дохода, падение почти 30 процентов. Это самое большое среди всех стран переходного периода. Интересные данные.
Как Вам кажется, Вы не сказали ещё, собираетесь ли Вы баллотироваться в 2018 году, но, если Вы всё‑таки собираетесь, как Вы хотите этой категории людей доказать, что Вы отвечаете их интересам? И не кажется ли Вам, что у них есть запрос, вот то, что Алексей Леонидович Кудрин называл, – на снижение геополитической напряжённости, во‑первых; во‑вторых, на проведение реформ и, в третьих, борьбу с коррупцией.
В.Путин: У нас у всех есть запрос на снижение геополитической напряжённости, только не способом наших похорон. Если плата за то, чтобы снизить геополитическую напряжённость, – наши похороны, то нас никого это не устроит, в том числе и тех, кто проявляет сомнение по поводу эффективности работы действующей власти, или тех, кто хотел бы серьёзных перемен. Таких немало в стране.
По поводу того, о чём Вы сказали, что большинство всё‑таки удовлетворено своим положением. Думаю, что это связано с тем, что у нас всё‑таки на минимальном уровне находится уровень безработицы: он меньше 6 процентов. Если в некоторых европейских странах за 25 зашкаливает, в странах Евросоюза, и больше – у нас в среднем меньше шести. У нас есть свои проблемы, особенно на Кавказе, там с занятостью есть проблема. Это первое.
Второе. Мы всё‑таки стремимся к исполнению своих социальных обязательств, и люди видят это, видят, что, с одной стороны, есть проблемы, но с другой стороны – государство делает всё для того, чтобы обеспечить их интересы. Мы проводим очень взвешенную социальную политику и при этом обеспечиваем макроэкономическую стабильность. Это основа того, что и такой активный слой населения, активный класс, особенно предпринимательское сообщество, может иметь перспективы улучшения ситуации.
Мы сейчас говорили, Вы говорили о геополитической напряжённости. Так мы разве в этом заинтересованы? Нельзя же добиваться от нас того, чего кто‑то хочет, исключительно, хочу это подчеркнуть – исключительно за счёт наших национальных интересов. Всё же к этому сводится. Диалога нет, понимаете, в чём дело. Формулируют позицию, объявляют её правильной, и вся дискуссия сводится к тому, как быстро мы согласимся с этой позицией. Вот и всё. Но разве такая работа возможна? Почти по любому вопросу. А там, где‑то чего‑то обещают, – не выполняют, но делают вид, что не заметили, и дальше пошли.
Вы представляете очень солидный финансовый институт, у нас хорошая предыстория отношений. Почему Вы пошли на поводу у политиков и свернули проекты в России? Это Вам вопрос. Он ведь создавался не для этого, не для того, чтобы усугублять геополитическую напряжённость, а чтобы, наоборот, сглаживать. Но даже такие институты используют для других целей. Это печально, это же не мы придумали.
В отношении этих ограничений – никому не нравится; это, конечно, вызывает наши озабоченности, это мешает нашему развитию, но мне кажется, я уже об этом говорил, что, даже если бы не было этих проблем, связанных с Украиной, с юго-востоком, с Крымом, с Сирией, всё равно нашли бы что‑нибудь другое для сдерживания России. Потому что не нравится наша независимая позиция по ряду вопросов – надо поднажать, надо заставить, надо мобилизовать ресурсы. Что‑то не сделали наши американские партнёры по сирийской проблеме (им даже неудобно, они же знают, что они не сделали, договорённости не использовали) – раз, подсылают европейцев, давайте поднажмём с другой стороны. Это не способ решения проблем.
Вот эти ограничения. Некоторые западные эксперты считают, что где‑то у нас серьёзные потери. Я думаю, что это преувеличение. Да, Вы согласны со мной, я понимаю. Считают, 0,5 процента ВВП. Я думаю, что это не так.
Сами европейские страны потеряли экспорт в Россию в объёме почти 60 миллиардов долларов или евро, не помню, где‑то 58 с чем‑то. Вот недополученная выгода от реального нормального сотрудничества. У нас‑то потери в основном связаны с падением цен на нефть, потом к ним привязаны цены на газ, а к этому привязаны цены на производство химических продуктов, удобрений, нефтехимии и так далее, и так далее. Там целая цепочка возникает. Поэтому прежде всего вот это на нас действует.
Хотя финансовые ограничения тоже вредны, они вызывают определённую нервозность у инвесторов. Это и не нравится тем 30 процентам, о которых Вы сказали. И мне не нравится. А кому может понравиться? Мы будем работать над тем, чтобы этого не было. Надо только, чтобы это была дорога с двусторонним движением.
Пожалуйста.
А.Островский: Господин Президент, за последние 15 лет Россия очень сильно продвинулась в смысле экономики. Её экономика выросла с 1 триллиона до 3,5 триллиона рублей, и Россия стала страной с доходом выше среднего. Появился очень мощный, экономически мощный средний класс и выросло первое постсоветское поколение: те, кому сегодня 25, родились в том самом 1991 году. Некоторых из них мы видели на протестах в Москве в 2011–2012 годах. Считаете ли Вы, что для дальнейшего успешного развития российской экономики нужна смена политической и экономической модели в стране? Это первый вопрос.
И второй вопрос. На Западе огромную озабоченность вызывает всё, что касается, естественно, ядерного оружия. И, когда по российским государственным каналам звучат слова о том, что Америку можно превратить в ядерный пепел (которые не звучали даже в советское время), считаете ли Вы использование самой риторики, касающейся ядерного вооружения, приемлемой?
В.Путин: Первое, что касается перемен: перемены всегда нужны, без этого наступает стагнация, – вопрос, каким способом осуществляются эти перемены. Или революционным, и это, как правило, наносит только вред. И я считаю, что часть людей, которых Вы сейчас упомянули, – иных уж нет, как у нас говорят, а те далече, – даже если предположить, что они хотели лучшего, способ достижения этих целей неправильный и вредный. Нужен эволюционный процесс. И я очень рассчитываю на то, что мы и будем двигаться этим способом, эволюционным.
Сейчас не буду вдаваться в детали, у нас просто уже формат не позволяет, но мы над этим думаем. У нас и Центр стратегических разработок функционирует, и мы привлекаем экспертов самых разных. Думаем на тему о том, как мы будем развиваться и до президентских выборов, и после 2018 года.
И по поводу атомного оружия. Бряцать атомным оружием – самое последнее дело. Это вредная риторика, и я её не приветствую. Но надо исходить из реалий, исходить из того, что ядерное оружие является фактором сдерживания и фактором обеспечения мира и безопасности во всём мире. Нельзя его рассматривать как фактор какой бы то ни было потенциальной агрессии, потому что это невозможно, это означает конец вообще существования всей нашей цивилизации, наверное.
Но как фактор сдерживания, это совершенно очевидная вещь, имеет место быть, и многие эксперты считают, что если мир не знал крупных вооружённых конфликтов 70 лет с лишним после окончания Второй мировой войны, то это в том числе благодаря наличию у ведущих стран мира ядерного оружия. Важно только, чтобы соблюдались режимы нераспространения, касающиеся самого ядерного оружия, средств доставки и чтобы все ядерные державы относились очень ответственно к своему ядерному статусу. Россия будет придерживаться именно таких подходов, несмотря ни на какие заявления, которые в ходе полемики, конечно, наверное, могут где‑то звучать. Но, повторяю, на государственном уровне Россия всегда к своему ядерному статусу будет относиться очень ответственно.
Кстати говоря, Вы дали мне повод для того, чтобы сказать о том, что, когда наши американские партнёры в одностороннем порядке вышли из Договора по противоракетной обороне (напомню, что я сейчас скажу, это очень важно), мы сказали, что поскольку мы сейчас не готовы развивать такие системы, они неизвестно как будут работать, насколько они эффективны, но это вынуждает нас совершенствовать ударный системный комплекс. На что нам наши американские друзья ответили: «Делайте что хотите, потому что система ПРО, которую мы будем делать, не против вас, а мы будем исходить из того, что то, что вы делаете по ударным комплексам, – не против нас». Я сказал: «Хорошо, пошло». И мы работаем. Но таким образом всё‑таки, хотят этого или не хотят, но мы подтолкнули в известной степени гонку вооружений даже в этой сфере. Повторяю, главное, чтобы все относились к этому очень ответственно. Россия будет это делать.
Т.Колтон: Мы уже переступили через 3-часовой порог, и думаю, что наши четыре панелиста, конечно, здесь участвовали все, но господин Путин, наверно, поработал больше остальных. Хочу поблагодарить всех за вопросы, за работу. Уверен, что вопросов ещё осталось очень много, но это обсуждение было очень полезным.
Большое всем спасибо.
В.Путин: Я хочу тоже всех поблагодарить, большое спасибо, и всех моих коллег – за терпение, за участие. Благодарю вас.
Владимир В. Путин",1
19765,Se reencuentran dos gemeliers separados al nacer,Javi Ramos,"Se reencuentran dos gemeliers separados al nacer LOS EXPERTOS CONFIRMAN QUE SON EJEMPLARES DE LA MISMA CAMADA reencuentro 
Dos gemeliers separados al nacer se han reencontrado hoy tras 18 años sobreviviendo en solitario. Los dos especímenes fueron hallados canturreando en libertad por diferentes puntos de la geografía española. Tras ser capturados por las autoridades forestales en la localidad de Aljarafe, y después de ser observados detenidamente por varios expertos, se ha concluido que se trata de dos miembros salidos de la misma camada. 
Los dos gemeliers son idénticos en todo y se saben de memoria éxitos como “Grandes”, “No hay Nadie como tú” o “Chicas, Chicas”. “En ocasiones emiten sonidos, pero todavía no queremos aventurarnos a decir si se intentan comunicar con nosotros o si están creando una especie de estribillo”, explica el biólogo encargado de su estudio. 
Se cree que la cantidad de gemeliers que habitan en el territorio español puede alcanzar el millar de ejemplares, sin contar con los cientos de ellos que se encuentran de gira por México, Colombia y Ecuador. Ahora que dos de ellos se han juntado, preocupa que más especímenes proliferen sin control por la península, comunicándose entre ellos a kilómetros de distancia gracias a su complejo lenguaje basado en ritmos latinos y estribillos pegadizos. 
Varias protectoras han exigido que los gemeliers sean devueltos a su hábitat natural, en Sevilla, y que se les proteja de las legiones de fans y curiosos que destruyen su ecosistema y violan su intimidad.",1
19766,Desperate Obama RIPS Comey: 'We Don't Operate On Innuendo' | Daily Wire,nan,"Desperate Obama RIPS Comey: 'We Don't Operate On Innuendo' By: November 2, 2016 
Barack Obama must be pretty worried. 
Earlier this week, White House press secretary Josh Earnest told the media that FBI director James Comey’s decision to reopen an investigation into Hillary Clinton didn’t spring from bias or politics. He explained : 
Director Comey is a man of integrity and principle and well regarded by officials in both parties and served as a senior position in the Bush administration and got bipartisan support when his nomination to be director of the FBI was considered by the United States Senate... they speak to his good character and the president's assessment of his integrity and his character has not changed. For example, the president doesn't believe that Director Comey is trying to influence the outcome of the election. And the president doesn't believe he's secretly supporting a candidate or political party. He's in a tough spot. He's the one who will be in the position to defend his actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal experts including officials who served in senior justice position for presidents led by both parties. 
Now, with the polls closing to within the margin of error, President Obama has had second thoughts. He told NowThisNews : 
I do think that there is a norm that when there are investigations we don’t operate on innuendo and we don’t operate on incomplete information and we don’t operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are made. When this was investigated thoroughly last time the conclusion of the FBI, the conclusion of the Justice Department, the conclusion of repeated congressional investigations was she had made some mistakes but that there wasn't anything there that was prosecutable. 
It’s worthwhile pointing out the hypocrisy here – Obama’s entire administration has been built on innuendo. His Department of Justice has destroyed police departments around the country with unsubstantiated innuendo about systemic racism. His IRS used innuendo to destroy conservative 501(c)3s. His entire 2012 campaign was rooted in innuendo about Mitt Romney’s supposed secret evils. 
But more than anything, the Obama flip here shows serious desperation. What changed? The polls. On Monday, it looked like the FBI scandal would detract from Hillary’s polling numbers, but wouldn’t kill her. Now it looks like she might go down in flames. This shows how faithless Obama is – Comey was wonderful just up until the point he threatened Hillary’s chances, at which point he became a slanderer trafficking in innuendo. 
If Comey has any stones, he should resign in protest at Obama’s accusations. He’s already been thrown under the bus by his commander-in-chief for not playing dead for him long enough to move Hillary into the White House. He’s got no future in his position no matter what he does. It would be a final redeeming move of honor to tell Obama and his cronies to stuff it now. Tags ",1
19767,,MR,"And what makes you think that, considering that mass incarceration has always stemmed from putting people in prison for a long terms for nonviolent offenses? And don't tell me that debtors prisons are illegal, America routinely breaks its own laws.",1
19768,FranceInfo Changes Text on Its Website About “16-Year-Old” “Ethiopian” “Refugee” in Tears,Andrew Anglin,"October 29, 2016 Before: The tears of a 16-year-old Ethiopian waiting to be registered to leave for an asylum centre. After: The tears of an Ethiopian waiting to be registered to leave for an asylum centre. 
In its weepy coverage of the dismantling of the Jungle invasion staging camp, the publicly-funded FranceInfo propaganda service realised it had gone a bit too far.",1
19769,‘The Birth of a Nation’ Struggles at the Box Office - The New York Times,Brooks Barnes,"LOS ANGELES  —   Any lingering hope that “The Birth of a Nation” could push past a controversy surrounding its star, Nate Parker, to become a financial success and an awards contender appeared to end over the weekend, when it arrived to an estimated $7. 1 million in ticket sales  —   flop territory, especially since the film was backed by an aggressive marketing campaign. “The Birth of a Nation,” which Mr. Parker also directed, wrote and produced, received some stellar reviews but lost momentum as Mr. Parker’s handling of questions on the publicity circuit about his past behavior  —   he was accused and acquitted of rape in 1999  —   triggered a negative reaction toward him and his movie. Over the past week, Mr. Parker generated one damaging headline after another as he appeared on “60 Minutes,” “Good Morning America” and “The Steve Harvey Show” to promote “The Birth of a Nation. ” On Friday, The Hollywood Reporter summed it up in blunt terms: “Nate Parker’s Failed Media Tour: Anger, No Remorse and Oprah’s Advice Ignored. ” Fox Searchlight, having paid the highest price in its history, $17. 5 million, to acquire “The Birth of a Nation,” which dramatizes the 1831 Nat Turner slave revolt, said it was too early to assess the film’s financial picture. “We thought it could be a little higher, but word of mouth is going to be positive, which will allow us to string out to a good result,” said Frank Rodriguez, Searchlight’s head of distribution. “I’m not going to say we are disappointed,” he added. “The Birth of a Nation,”   Aja Naomi King and Armie Hammer, received an A grade in CinemaScore exit polls, Mr. Rodriguez noted.   made up roughly 60 percent of the   audience, he said. To what degree did the toxicity around Mr. Parker dent ticket sales? Mr. Rodriguez said that he was not sure. “It’s a question that we’ve been grappling with,” he said. Hurricane Matthew, which hit Southeastern states over the weekend, appeared to have a limited influence on ticket sales. “The storm didn’t damage it that much,” Mr. Rodriguez said. Given its start, Mr. Parker’s film  —   even with strong word of mouth  —   will be lucky to collect a total of $30 million at the domestic box office, analysts said. Under traditional accounting rules, theater owners would keep about half that total. In addition to the acquisition price, Fox Searchlight spent at least $10 million on marketing. “The Birth of a Nation” is not expected to generate much interest overseas. It tells an American story, and its stars are not well known outside of North America. (In contrast, Fox Searchlight’s “12 Years a Slave,” which collected $131 million overseas in 2013, starred the British actors Chiwetel Ejiofor and Benedict Cumberbatch featured Brad Pitt and won best picture at the Oscars.) In some ways, the poor performance of “The Birth of a Nation,” seen as a corrective to the #OscarsSoWhite maelstrom that consumed Hollywood over the past two years, both opens a corridor for and adds pressure to coming films about   experiences. “Fences,” an adaptation of the August Wilson play starring Denzel Washington and Viola Davis, arrives on Dec. 25. “Moonlight,” a    drama centered on a young black man in Miami, has been set for an Oct. 21 release. (Joining “The Birth of a Nation” in failing to find a wide audience: “Queen of Katwe,” a euphorically reviewed and aggressively marketed Disney drama starring Lupita Nyong’o that has taken in only $5. 4 million since Sept. 23.) For the weekend, the No. 1 movie at North American theaters was “The Girl on the Train,” which collected about $24. 7 million, according to comScore, which compiles box office data. Distributed by Universal and produced by DreamWorks Pictures, a division of Steven Spielberg’s Amblin Partners, “The Girl on the Train” cost about $45 million to make. Based on the best seller by Paula Hawkins, “The Girl on the Train,” starring Emily Blunt as an alcoholic who becomes wrapped up in a murder, received weak reviews and a   grade in CinemaScore exit polls, which could hurt it in the weeks ahead. “Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children” (20th Century Fox) was second, taking in about $15 million, for a   domestic total of $51. 1 million. Third place went to “Deepwater Horizon” (Lionsgate) with about $11. 8 million in ticket sales, for a   domestic total of $38. 5 million. Despite playing in 2, 105 theaters, Mr. Parker’s film did not crack the top five.",0
19770,,ACT I,"If “Peaceful Uprising [is] a climate justice group that describes its task as ‘working to build an uncompromising movement to defend a livable future,’” why does it not recognize that there may BE no such thing?! After all, Dr. David Wasdell ( http://www.apollo-gaia.org/Har... , p. 15) wrote last year: “An increase of 1.5°C was implicit by around 1965. 2°C was implicit by about1978. So 2°C was already in the pipeline towards the end of the 1970s. Today we are under the illusion that reducing our emissions will still keep us under 2°C!”
If Dr. Wasdell is right about us living now with an “illusion,” the efforts of the Peaceful Uprising people are POINTLESS, and worse! Why doesn’t Dahr Jamail realize this? Why does he insist on keep feeding us a PARTIAL dose of the truth, not the WHOLE truth?!",1
19771,Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit,admin,"Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit By 0 149 
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair says Britain should keep its “options open” on whether or not to leave the European Union until after Brexit talks with the bloc are completed. 
During an interview on Friday with BBC Radio 4’s “Today” program, Blair described the EU referendum as “a catastrophe” and said UK voters should be given the option of a second EU referendum. 
Britain should not withdraw from the EU until it becomes clearer how Brexit would impact UK’s economic, social and cultural future, Blair said. 
“The bizarre thing about this referendum is that we took a decision but we still don’t know the precise terms,” he said. “There’s got to be some way, either through parliament, or through an election, possibly through another referendum, that people express their view.” 
The former premier, who was in office from 1997 until 2007, said it should be possible for the public to switch their verdict if it becomes clear the…",1
19772,ESPN’s Sage Steele Under Attack for Criticizing Airport Protests After She Missed a Flight - Breitbart,Warner Todd Huston,"The disruptions caused by protesters at Los Angeles International airport caused ESPN host Sage Steele to miss a flight. Now Steele is under attack for jumping to Instagram to rail about the protests that caused her such inconvenience. [On Friday, President Trump issued his temporary moratorium on immigration from a list of seven countries the Obama administration had flagged as “countries of concern” back in 2015. Almost immediately liberal activists flooded into several big city airports across the country to protest the order.  One of those groups of disruptors descended upon LAX just as NBA Countdown host Steele was attempting to catch a flight, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported. Steele complained that the protesters caused her to walk nearly two miles in order to catch a flight to Houston and delayed her long enough for her to miss the flight. Steele felt exasperated enough to jump on her Instagram account and decry the protesters for causing “elderly and parents with small children” to have to walk long distances to reach flights. “I love witnessing people exercise their right to protest! But it saddened me to see the joy on their faces knowing that they were successful in disrupting so many people’s travel plans,” she added.  But not long after posting her complaint, some of her sports reporter colleagues began to slam her for attacking the protesters. On Twitter, Sports Illustrated writer Michael Silver slapped Steele, saying the protesters were “right” for doing what they did. Sometimes standing up for what’s right provokes inconvenience and all  …     https:  .   —   Michael Silver (@MikeSilver) January 30, 2017,  Steele replied that Silver didn’t actually read what she wrote. @MikeSilver better, more effective ways to do it, Silver!    my post.  Don’t worry  —   we can arm wrestle over it this week in Houston,  —   Sage Steele (@sagesteele) January 30, 2017,  Julie   another wealthy, white reporter for ESPN, also chided Steele for her Instagram post. I understand the inconvenience of missing a flight etc, but why people are protesting   inhumane   is much bigger than that. https:  .   —   Julie   (@JSB_TV) January 30, 2017,  Steele again replied that   must have missed the part where she said she supports people protesting for their political ideals and told   to   her Instagam post. Steele has engaged in political debate in the past. Last year she slammed the players protesting the national anthem, warning people to “look up the word democracy. ” Hey @MikeEvans13_ look up definition of the word DEMOCRACY  remember this pic while   your right to protest #perspective pic. twitter.   —   Sage Steele (@sagesteele) November 14, 2016,  The ESPNer also slammed African Americans for attacking other African Americans for having opinions that run contrary to the   wisdom. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
19773,Pope Francis: The Cross Is ‘Not a Piece of Jewelry’ But Symbol of Christian Faith,"Thomas D. Williams, Ph.D.","The Christian cross is “not an adornment for the house or a piece of jewelry to wear,” but a reminder of Christ’s love in saving mankind from evil and sin, Pope Francis said Sunday. [In his weekly Angelus message, the Pope reflected on the Sunday gospel reading that depicts Jesus transfigured before three of his disciples on Mount Tabor. Christ “wanted to reveal his glory to his disciples not to prevent them from experiencing the cross, but to show where the cross leads,” Francis said. “Whoever dies with Christ, will rise again with Christ. And the cross is the door of the resurrection. ”  “Those who fight together with Him, will triumph with Him. This is the message of hope that the cross of Jesus contains, urging us to courage in our lives,” he said. “The Christian cross is not a decoration for the house or a piece of jewelry to wear,” Francis continued, but “a reminder of the love with which Jesus sacrificed himself to save mankind from evil and sin. ” Sunday’s Angelus was the Pope’s first public appearance since returning to Rome from a   retreat in the Italian town of Ariccia. “In this Lenten season, let us devoutly contemplate the image of the crucifix, Jesus on the cross,” Francis said Sunday. “This is the symbol of the Christian faith, the emblem of Jesus, who died and rose for us. ” “Let us make sure that the Cross marks the stages of our Lenten journey to understand ever more fully the seriousness of sin and the value of the sacrifice with which the Redeemer saved us all,” he said. Christ revealed himself to his followers as a different type of Messiah than they were expecting, Francis said, and this difference reaches its culmination in the apparent defeat of the cross. As Messiah, Jesus was not “a powerful, glorious king, but a humble, defenseless servant,” Francis said, “not a gentleman of great wealth —  a sign of blessing —  but a poor man with nowhere to lay his head not a patriarch with numerous offspring, but an unmarried man without house or home. ” “It really is an   revelation of God,” the Pope said, “and the most disconcerting sign of this scandalous reversal is the cross. But precisely through the cross, Jesus will reach his glorious resurrection, which will be final, not like this transfiguration which lasted a moment, an instant. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome.",0
19774,The US Military lied to thousands of soldiers — and now Veterans are paying for it,Alice Salles,"VIDEOS The US Military lied to thousands of soldiers — and now Veterans are paying for it Reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn’t pose a threat to Americans By Alice Salles - October 26, 2016 
Shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq, the Pentagon hired Bell Pottinger, a London-based PR agency. The PR firm was tasked with promoting what the Pentagon called “democratic elections” in Iraq, ultimately earning over a hundred million dollars yearly. Part of the firm’s job included producing “fake al Qaeda propaganda films,” the Bureau of Investigative Journalism recently reported . 
Despite the PR operation’s hefty price tag, the Pentagon seemed to have no issue allocating taxpayer resources to have these videos produced. But over ten years after the Iraq invasion, the Pentagon is now concerned about its past appropriations — at least part of them, anyway. 
Ten years after promising $15,000 bonuses to soldiers willing to re-enlist in 2006 and 2007, the Pentagon is now forcing California veterans to pay back the bonuses. 
The Los Angeles Times reports , “officials signed up soldiers in assembly-line fashion” in 2006 and 2007, outlining the “generous terms available for six-year reenlistments” to those willing to sacrifice their safety, leaving their homes, once again, to fight abroad in exchange for a large bonus. Now, the Pentagon wants their money back. To Get Soldiers to Re-enlist, the National Guard Lied 
In 2008, the movie Stop-Loss highlighted a reality few members of the public were informed about. 
With the growing involvement of U.S. military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, soldiers who had already served in Iraq and Afghanistan for several tours were being asked to reenlist. Sometimes, these soldiers’ term duties were extended forcefully via the government’s controversial stop-loss policy , which allows the government to extend the period a soldier must spend on active duty involuntarily. 
In California, the state’s National Guard began promising thousands of soldiers that they would receive $15,000 bonuses for going back to war. 
Now, nearly 10,000 soldiers who took the National Guard’s promise at face value are being ordered to pay back the bonuses plus interest. In some cases, their wages are being garnished to fund the payments. 
This issue was first brought up when veterans “ whose only mistake was to accept bonuses offered when the Pentagon needed to fill the ranks” were the target of an investigation launched in 2010. 
After receiving reports of improper payments, a federal probe found “thousands of bonuses and student loan payments were given to California Guard soldiers who did not qualify for them, or were approved despite paperwork errors.” 
As a result of the investigation, Army Master Sgt. Toni Jaffe, who also served as the California Guard’s incentive manager, pleaded guilty to filing false claims totaling $15.2 million in 2011. Jaffe was sentenced to spend 30 months in federal prison, and three other officers who also pleaded guilty to fraud were put on probation. 
Breaking the National Guard’s promise to soldiers whose reenlistment depended on the bonus distribution, the California Guard “assigned 42 auditors to comb through paperwork for bonuses and other incentive payments given to 14,000 soldiers.” 
In September 2016, these auditors finalized the investigation, finding roughly 9,700 current and retired soldiers who had been given “improper” bonuses. These soldiers have been told “to repay some or all of their bonuses” since the probe was launched and the first cases were discovered. 
According to the California National Guard, these repayments have recovered more than $22 million so far, compromising veterans like Robert Richmond, who now works for a construction company in Texas. He was an Army Sergeant First Class living in Huntington Beach when in 2006, he was asked to reenlist. 
“I signed a contract that I literally risked my life to fulfill,” Richmond explained , adding that he only agreed to go back to war because he was told he qualified for a $15,000 bonus as a special forces soldier. 
The veteran had gone through a divorce after being deployed to Afghanistan in 2002 and 2003. Asked to consider the bonus to reenlist, Richmond thought the money was going to give him “breathing room,” so he agreed. In 2007, he was sent to Iraq’s “ Triangle of Death ,” an area a few miles south of Baghdad known for intense fighting. 
In one of the hundreds of missions against insurgents he was a part of, Richmond sustained permanent back and brain injuries after his vehicle triggered a roadside bomb. 
In 2014, the California Guard headquarters contacted him, letting the former special forces soldier know he was being urged to repay the $15,000 bonus he received in 2006. If he failed to make the payment, the letter said , he would face “debt collection action.” 
Richmond refused to give the government any money back, filing appeal after appeal. “[Impacted soldiers] want somebody in the government, anybody, to say this is wrong and we’ll stop going after this money,” he said . ‘Support the Troops!’: Code for ‘Don’t Question War?’ 
In Washington, D.C., lawmakers have condemned the Pentagon, saying the soldiers were not at fault for accepting a bonus they were promised. 
Promising to open an investigation into the enlistment bonus problem, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) called the Pentagon’s demands “disgraceful.” 
“The Department of Defense should waive these repayments,” McCarthy said in a statement . “The House will investigate these reports to ensure our soldiers are fully honored for their service,” he added. 
Rep. McCarthy says the government should not be demanding any money back from veterans in his statement. The California Republican and also argued that “we are the ones who owe a debt for the great sacrifices our heroes have made — some of whom unfortunately paid the ultimate sacrifice.‎” 
Instead of using this opportunity to highlight the importance of safeguarding our soldiers and keeping them from engaging in unconstitutional wars that are only successfully sold to the American public because administrations lie , McCarthy celebrates these very soldiers’ sacrifices. 
Using this discussion to repeat the traditional “support the troops” line, lawmakers like McCarthy steer the debate away from what’s causing these soldiers so much pain and distress , acting as if relentless war hasn’t been the reason they were lied to. Instead, McCarthy and others are pushing the government to keep its promise without reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn’t pose a threat to Americans at the time . 
In the 1964 film, The Americanization of Emily , which was based on a novel written by a veteran who had been a SeaBee officer on D-Day, character Lt. Comdr. Charles E. Madison gives a short speech explaining that “[those] who make heroes of our dead and shrines of our battlefields … perpetuate war by exalting its sacrifices.” 
Failing to discuss the real costs of war with the American electorate while exalting the sacrifices made by those who serve in the military is part of an ongoing campaign — deliberate or otherwise — to keep America involved in perpetual war. 
Don’t believe me? Don’t take my word for it. Instead, read what journalist Randolph Bourne had to say about the country’s thirst for war in 1918: In times of peace, we usually ignore the State in favour of partisan political controversies, or personal struggles for office, or the pursuit of party policies. It is the Government rather than the State with which the politically minded are concerned. The State is reduced to a shadowy emblem which comes to consciousness only on occasions of patriotic holiday. … “With the shock of war, however, the State comes into its own again. The Government, with no mandate from the people, without consultation of the people, conducts all the negotiations, the backing and filling, the menaces and explanations, which slowly bring it into collision with some other Government, and gently and irresistibly slides the country into war. 
War, Bourne concluded , “is the health of the state.” This is not because all individuals involved with governing enjoy death and destruction per se , but because “it is … in war that the urgency for union seems greatest, and the necessity for universality seems most unquestioned,” which forces the public to unite behind the state no matter what — especially if the occasion leading to war is “terrifying” the public. 
While veterans whose bonuses are being questioned ten years later should be heard and protected from government abuse, we must not forget it was government’s own thirst for war that initiated this cycle of deception. Let us not ignore the reasons why we should support our troops — and how we should go about it; simply claiming to be interested in celebrating U.S. soldiers for their sacrifice does nothing for them.",1
19775,Trump’s Economic Cabinet Picks Signal Embrace of Wall St. Elite - The New York Times,Landon Thomas Jr. and Alexandra Stevenson,"In a campaign commercial that ran just before the election, Donald J. Trump’s voice boomed over a series of Wall Street images. He described “a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations. ” The New York Stock Exchange, the hedge fund billionaire George Soros and the chief executive of the investment bank Goldman Sachs flashed across the screen. Now Mr. Trump has named a former Goldman executive and   with Mr. Soros to spearhead his economic policy. With Wednesday’s nomination of Steven Mnuchin, a Goldman trader turned hedge fund manager and Hollywood financier, to be Treasury secretary, a new economic leadership is taking shape in Washington. Mr. Mnuchin will join Wilbur L. Ross Jr. a billionaire investor in distressed assets, who has been chosen to run the Commerce Department, and Todd Ricketts, owner of the Chicago Cubs, who has been picked to be deputy commerce secretary. All are superwealthy and to be overseen by the first billionaire president in United States history. That two investors  —   Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Ross  —   will occupy two major economic positions in the new administration is the most powerful signal yet that Mr. Trump plans to emphasize policies friendly to Wall Street, like tax cuts and a relaxation of regulation, in the early days of his administration. While that approach has been cheered by investors (the stocks of Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have been on a tear since the election) it stands in stark contrast to the populist campaign that Mr. Trump ran and the support he received from   voters across the country. Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge fund executive and member of the Trump transition team, insisted on Wednesday that appointing wealthy investors did not contradict the campaign’s populist message. “The   people of the United States, they need a break,” Mr. Scaramucci said. “And we need to switch them from going from the working class into the working poor into what I call the aspirational working class, which my dad was a member of. ” Still, Democrats were quick to attack the latest nomination. “Steve Mnuchin is just another Wall Street insider,” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said in a joint statement. “That is not the type of change that Donald Trump promised to bring to Washington  —   that is hypocrisy at its worst. ” So far, none of the nominees who will be shaping economic policy have any significant experience in government. Mr. Mnuchin, 53, and Mr. Ross, 79, are both familiar with buying distressed properties and selling for a profit. But they are political neophytes with scant experience in managing large organizations. They will oversee two government agencies that together employ about 130, 000 people around the world. In the case of Mr. Mnuchin at Treasury, his experience as a principal investor who made large sums of money through     wagers suggests that he will look critically at the thicket of regulations that now constrain the   activities of investment banks. That could mean a reassessment of what has come to be known as the Volcker Rule, part of the   financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis. The rule forbids banks to make certain speculative investments with their own capital. “I would say the No. 1 problem with the Volcker Rule is it’s too complicated and people don’t know how to interpret it,” Mr. Mnuchin said in an interview with CNBC on Wednesday. “So we’re going to look at what to do with it as we are with all of  . The No. 1 priority is going to be to make sure that banks lend. ” In the interview, Mr. Mnuchin also said he would look to cutting corporate tax rates as a way to increase economic growth. And he said the wealthy would not see a big tax cut. “Any reductions we have in   taxes will be offset by less deductions so that there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class,” Mr. Mnuchin said in the interview. “There will be a big tax cut for the middle class, but any tax cuts we have for the upper class will be offset by less deductions that pay for it. ” There is a Washington tradition of presidents calling on a Goldman Sachs luminary to take the reins of the economy, including the Democrat Robert E. Rubin in 1995 and Henry M. Paulson Jr. a Republican, in 2006. Mr. Mnuchin’s Goldman pedigree is as good as it gets, given that his father, Robert, was a pioneer in stock trading who spent 35 years at the firm. While the Goldman brand may have initially attracted Mr. Trump, for the broader financial community it is Mr. Mnuchin’s track record at hedge and private equity funds, which is where the real money is made on Wall Street these days, that makes him appealing. “Mnuchin as Treasury secretary is somebody who can speak to bankers  —   Jamie Dimon, Lloyd Blankfein, James Gorman and Brian Moynihan. He can speak their language,” said Gary Kaminsky, a former vice chairman at Morgan Stanley, referring to the chief executives of JPMorgan Chase, Goldman, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America. “He comes from a trading desk, and that’s something that is very strong,” Mr. Kaminsky, who has attended   for Mr. Trump, added. While there is little doubt that Mr. Mnuchin can speak the language of Wall Street, he has had little experience running large, complex bureaucracies. Mr. Rubin and Mr. Paulson had ascended to the top at Goldman, and had many years of experience managing people and organizations under their belt. Mr. Mnuchin did assume a leading role in the restructuring and reinventing of IndyMac, now known as OneWest, a California mortgage giant that collapsed in 2008. He and partners acquired the firm and later made billions. After he moved from New York to the West Coast, Mr. Mnuchin was targeted by protesters who claimed that the bank was too quick to foreclose on struggling homeowners. Last year the bank was sold to the CIT Group, a   lender run at the time by another Goldman Sachs alumnus, John A. Thain. In a statement announcing his economic appointments, Mr. Trump highlighted the deal. “He purchased IndyMac Bank for $1. 6 billion and ran it very professionally, selling it for $3. 4 billion plus a return of capital,” he said of Mr. Mnuchin. “That’s the kind of people I want in my administration representing our country. ” Mr. Mnuchin has faced other controversies. In 2010, he and his brother, Alan, were sued over their mother’s early investment with Bernard L. Madoff, an investor who was convicted of running a Ponzi scheme. The lawsuit, filed by a trustee for Madoff victims, alleged that $3. 2 million of the money Mr. Mnuchin withdrew from his mother’s account shortly after she died belonged to other victims. The lawsuit was dropped last year because of a time limit. Hollywood has been another reinvention for Mr. Mnuchin. In 2006, he and a partner, Chip Seelig, struck a deal through their company Dune Entertainment to invest $325 million in 28 movies produced by 20th Century Fox. It was a successful partnership Fox delivered hits (made in part with Dune’s money) like “Avatar,” which took in $2. 8 billion worldwide in 2009. After breaking with Mr. Seelig in 2012, Mr. Mnuchin teamed up with a company called RatPac, owned by the rowdy filmmaker Brett Ratner and the Australian billionaire James Packer. Mr. Ratner was then notorious in Hollywood he resigned as a producer of the Academy Awards in 2011 after using an   slur at a public event and making frank remarks about his sex life on Howard Stern’s radio show. (He apologized.) But together the three men formed a vehicle to invest $450 million in an extensive array of Warner Bros. movies. Some have been major hits, like “Gravity,” which took in $723. 2 million. But there have also been money losers, including “Pan” and “In the Heart of the Sea. ” Still, Mr. Mnuchin has clearly enjoyed a Hollywood lifestyle, whether attending   parties at the Hôtel du    during the Cannes Film Festival or going in with a movie industry friend to buy a Dassault Falcon 50 jet (since sold). He can currently be seen in a cameo  —   playing a Merrill Lynch executive  —   in Warren Beatty’s new movie “Rules Don’t Apply. ” Beyond the entertainment industry, there other similarities between Mr. Trump and Mr. Mnuchin. They are both twice divorced, and their third partners are decidedly younger. (Mr. Mnuchin’s fiancée is Louise Linton, a    actress from Scotland.) They also both have a taste for landmark Manhattan real estate: Trump Tower for the   and 740 Park Avenue for Mr. Mnuchin. But there are differences, too. Despite his Hollywood appetites, Mr. Mnuchin is described by people who know him as slightly awkward and not one to command a room. Friends of the two men describe them more as social and professional acquaintances than close friends. The names of flashier prospects had been floated as possible candidates for Treasury, according to a fund manager close to the  ’s economic brain trust. Among them: Henry Kravis of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts  Company, Jonathan Gray of Blackstone, Jamie Dimon, Mitt Romney, and Thomas J. Barrack Jr. of Colony Capital, a Los   real estate investor who has been close to Mr. Trump for decades.",0
19776,"Obama, Pressing Senators, Delays Veto of Bill Exposing Saudis to 9/11 Suits - The New York Times","Jennifer Steinhauer, Julie Hirschfeld Davis and Mark Mazzetti","WASHINGTON  —   President Obama is delaying a planned veto of a bill that would allow the families of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role in the plot, hoping to tap into an unusual well of buyer’s remorse among senators who passed the measure unanimously in the spring. The measure sailed through the House last week after a surprise   vote, raising the prospect of the first veto showdown between Mr. Obama and a bipartisan coalition in Congress. But an intense lobbying campaign by the White House and Saudi Arabia, among others, has cast doubt on what had appeared to be an inevitable override of the president’s   veto. Officials have refused to say when Mr. Obama would veto the bill, and he has until next Friday to do so. His advisers are considering whether he should wait until then, after Congress is expected to recess on Thursday for the November elections, which could give him weeks to persuade lawmakers to drop their support for the measure before they return and consider the veto override. Already, cracks are showing, even among Republicans who generally would love to exercise the first veto override against Mr. Obama. “I have tremendous empathy for the victims,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, who, like the rest of his colleagues, agreed to the measure in May. “But at the same time, I have concerns about the precedent it would set,” fearing, as many lawmakers now do, that Americans could be sued by other nations in retaliation, or by the families of innocent people killed in drone attacks. The trepidation about overriding a presidential veto is shared by Republicans and Democrats alike. Many lawmakers apparently had believed that the House would never pass the bill, as it hastily did after the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, encountered families of the Sept. 11 victims at a   on Long Island. “I’m going to have to give very careful consideration to the president’s explanation for his veto,” said Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware. “This is a delicate balancing act. ” If Mr. Obama cannot persuade lawmakers, his aides acknowledge, proponents of the bill could muster the   of the House and Senate necessary to override a veto. “You don’t have to have an advanced degree in math to understand the significant support that exists in the United States Congress for this bill,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Thursday. “But the concerns that we have about this legislation are significant, and there are many members of Congress who are sympathetic to the argument. ” Mr. Obama argues that the legislation, whose passage has demonstrated the lasting clout of the Sept. 11 families, could open the United States to a barrage of lawsuits from private citizens overseas. It would amend a 1976 law that grants other countries broad immunity from American lawsuits, allowing nations to be sued in federal courts if they are found to have played any role in terrorist attacks that killed Americans on United States soil. The passage of the bill last week in the House left opponents scrambling, and it set off a week of lobbying by Saudi officials and firms that Riyadh has hired to advance its interests in Washington. On Thursday, the Saudi foreign minister, Adel   spoke with Senator Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina Republican, to reiterate Saudi concerns about the bill and warn of its potential consequences. “They made it very clear to us that this is a hostile act,” Mr. Graham said. “This is an odd situation. The   families are high on everyone’s list to be taken care of. But it comes at a time when Saudi Arabia believes America is not a reliable ally. ” Earlier this year, Mr. Jubeir told lawmakers that the Saudis might be forced to sell off hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of assets inside the United States if the bill became law  —   a defensive measure to ensure that they are not exposed in civil litigation. Mr. Jubeir is in the United States for the meeting of the United Nations General Assembly. Two lobbying and public relations firms under contract with the Saudi government, Qorvis MSLGroup and Podesta Group, circulated this week a compilation of recent statements by foreign officials warning that passing the legislation could set off a wave of retaliatory measures by other counties. But the   families have also been a force for policy makers to reckon with since the weeks right after the attacks, and lawmakers had no interest in getting into a public brawl with them a few months before an election. “The families have been an immensely powerful voice and face in this tragedy,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who is pressing members to override the impending veto. In a statement Thursday night, several family members said senators, including Mr. Corker and Mr. Graham, were forsaking them by working to postpone the override vote until after the elections. “Justice delayed is justice denied,” the statement said. “Who knows what if anything Congress will be doing in two months?” The White House is eager to push the veto override into the lame duck session in November both so it has more time to lobby members of Congress, and because several Republican senators who are up for   may feel pressure to override the bill now but would be less inclined to once their race is behind them.",0
19777,Globalization Expressway to Universal Slavery,nan,"License DMCA 
If humans were largely moral and ethical beings, then globalization could be a workable proposition. Unfortunately, the dark behavioral narcissism expressed by compulsive greed and an infinite appetite for power seems to have become the guiding precept of our collective nightmare. If only the desire to dominate others and have a lot more than them were not the prime motivations for the global elite on top of the human food chain, we could all have our respective modest slice of happiness on this planet. The Utopia of globalization through institutions such as the United Nations (UN), World Bank , and International Monetary Fund (IMF) was supposed to eradicate the universal pestilence of war, extreme poverty , hunger and slavery using the might of the above supranational institutions to prevent the rise of so-called rogue nations usually ruled by dictators. (image by Byung Chul Kim) License DMCA 
World order of chaos with misery for profit 
The opportunity of this push for a supranational form of government has to be understood in the psychological context of a world traumatized by World War II. Many public servants, who had fought against the Nazis and their Japanese and Italian allies, had genuinely the best intentions at heart when institutions like the UN were set up. If some of the original ideas were good and moral to some extend, a rot almost immediately contaminated and perverted most of the created institutions and quickly -- using the pretext of the Cold War -- allowed the birth of a monstrosity such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ). The globalists have controlled and ultimately Wall Street has financed, supranational government instances such as the UN, IMF, World Bank and a myriad of non-governmental organization (NGO) little helpers. Not only have these done nothing to curtail the man-made disasters of war, climate change , slavery and poverty, but they have exacerbated them, all for the sake of profit. - Advertisement - License DMCA 
In this Orwellian time of moral decay, human misery is good for business. In a globalization controlled by Wall Street's puppeteer sociopaths, who believe they are the masters of the universe, ordinary people everywhere have become canon fodder and slave labor. They are not even collateral damage but human lubricant, as viewed by the elite. One can see that if they are not stopped immediately, trade agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and its Trans-Atlantic counterpart could seal the deal of the establishment of an atrocious world government, controlled by a few thousands, in complete disregard of not only national interest, but also cultural diversity. (image by John Getchel) License DMCA - Advertisement - 
Look what happened to Detroit, Michigan, and countless other manufacturing towns in the United States that are all collateral damage of Bill Clinton's North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The massive trade agreements in the works, to be put in place by the globalists if they remain in power, are intended to annihilate any form of economic or political independence from the signatory countries and to scatter their populations to the wind, as in the case in the globalist-controlled demolition of the Middle East in Iraq, Libya and Syria. Displaced and disenfranchised populations are beaten into submission and used as docile worker bees. (image by Mark Rain) License DMCA 
Drastic action or hell on earth 
If we let the globalists complete their worldwide coup already in progress, then all sovereignty would be lost, and most of the world's population would become slave-wage laborers at the mercy of the global corporate empire. Countries with a diversified agriculture would be turned into one-crop wastelands to ensure that most of the food supply has to be imported. Pseudo local governments would merely officiate as the slave drivers for the global elite. This must be stopped at all cost and undone by all means necessary. If we allow this final coup by the geriatric psychopaths at the top of the current world order, thousands of years of our rich human experience would be wiped out. Like poorly made cheap electronic products, the cultural garbage of the lowest common denominator empire would flood the world. This cultural homogenization would affect primarily the information available to people. Since dissent is impossible without correct information and critical thought, the globalists want their propaganda to become the only source of information. With the UN, the World Bank and the IMF, the political and economic framework financed by a worldwide network of banksters is already in place. Influential nations, on paper, like France and the United Kingdom, which are still officially full fledged members of the UN Security Council, have de facto abdicated their sovereignty to become vassals and secondary enforcers of the globalist plan. We are at the edge of an existential threat of greater magnitude than ever before in human history. (image by IMFarchive) License DMCA 
The semantics of deception 
Machiavelli is known for his cynical view of political power; however, the advice the author of The Prince gave to the powerful of his time seems innocent by comparison to the depravity of today's puppet masters. Words and ideas are gutted of their meaning to signify, most of the time, the exact opposite. For example, globalist eminence grise George Soros' Open Society Foundation is an opaque giant NGO, with more than 100 offshoots worldwide by its own admission, but its tentacles are in reality more far reaching. The recent publications of Wikileaks in the voluminous Podesta email files have been a revelation of the extent of deception victimizing United States citizens. John Podesta may be viewed as a Soros right-hand man in the US in charge of delivering the returns for the globalist's investments in the US elections. The connection between the two men is not only obvious but also official considering that Soros financed Podesta's so-called Center for American Progress, the fake left equivalent of the neocon think tanks. The term progress is a lure that signifies power, just like Soros' open society is, in reality, an exclusive club as tight as oysters reserved only for Soros' chosen associates to savor. What is apparent from the email treasure trove is that Podesta's job is really to supervise Hillary Clinton on behalf of Soros. In this context, the expression, leader of the free world, to describe the US president becomes a lie. The current world order of the globalists is anything but free, and one applicant for the job, Hillary Clinton, is not a queen on the chessboard, but a pawn.",1
19778,"""Fake News"" About Trump Continues Unabated",b,"November 17, 2016 ""Fake News"" About Trump Continues Unabated 
Clinton makes some twenty different issues or person responsible for her loss - everyone and everything except the DNC, her staff or herself. But a campaign that did just enough to get the states it thought it needed and not one bit more was going to lose no matter how much money it would spend. Shunning progressives and implausibly blaming Russia for her own mistakes did not help either. She failed as a candidate and politician. It is just as simple as that. But now another culprit responsible for her loss is rolled out. ""Fake news"" that somehow wasn't sorted out on social networks. 
But my personal impression was that there was more fake news about Trump than about Clinton. The NYT like most other mainstream media was so much off from reality that its publisher now wrote a letter to request that staff ""rededicate .. to the fundamental mission of .. journalism"". He thereby admits that the NYT had failed as a news organization. 
But there is no rededication, neither in the NYT nor elsewhere, that I can see. The fairy tales about and around Trump seem not to stop for a minute. It will be claimed in top headlines that Trump will make John Bolton or Rudy Giuliani Secretary of State, lunatic Frank Gaffney will be his advisor. Trump wants security clearances for his children! Of course hardly any the active promoters of such nonsense will put the official denials of these lies on top of their pages or mention them at all. Poltico today told me that Wall Street is celebrating the Trump win, implying that Clinton would have been much better. Trump received some $5 million in donations from the finance sector, Clinton received $105 million - guess why. 
Trump wants to abandon a No-First-Strike policy for U.S. nuclear weapons is one current scare (650 retweets!). That is a policy the U.S. never-ever had. Obama, like Clinton, rejected a NFS policy. How could Trump abandon it? Trumps wants to register all Muslims? The National Security Entry-Exit Registration System was introduced in 2002 and only applied to visitors and residents from majority Muslim countries. (In 2011 the system was replaced with a new one that practically has the same purpose.) The no-fly-lists are largely lists of Muslim - even four years old ones. Obama waged drone war in seven countries and bombed five. All were majority Muslim. So what please could Trump actually do to Muslim people that would be worse than what Bush or Obama have done? 
Trump is a racist and his voters are white supremacists is a fake news claim that is still rolled out on a daily base. The facts do not support it. If they were true why did he get more votes from blacks and hispanics than Romney or McCain? 
Why not take Trump for what he is? A fast talking salesman, born too rich, but politically a centrist who long supported Democrats and who will simply continue the political path Clinton, Bush and Obama created and walked before him. There is some hope that he will be less ""globalist"", neoconned and belligerent in his foreign policy but that still needs to be proven. On many of his announced policies there will likely be more Democrats in Congress supporting him than Republicans. 
The man should be attacked on his politics and policies whenever that is justified. There will plenty such opportunities, especially with his economic and tax plans. Instead we get a daily dose of fake news about Trump this or that and one scare story after the other. 
Is it so difficult, or even impossible, for journalists and media to ""rededicate"" themselves from feverish pro-Clinton and anti-Trump advocates back to (semi-)serious reporting? 
That would be bad news for everyone. Posted by b on November 17, 2016 at 01:25 PM | Permalink",1
19779,There May Be Another Planet in Our Solar System,Astronomy,"There May Be Another Planet in Our Solar System It could be responsible for tilting the sun Image Credits: fotomanu_93/Flickr . 
Earlier this year an announcement raised a tantalizing possibility: a ninth planet lurking in the outer reaches of our solar system. 
The announcement turned the astronomy and planetary science world upside down. 
Caltech astronomer Michael Brown and theoretical astrophysicist Konstantin Batygin found evidence for a possible 10 Earth mass planet that may be tilting long-orbiting dwarf planets on their sides and shepherding them into clusters far past the orbit of Neptune in highly eccentric orbits. In the last several months, more and more papers have been published about the possible planet and how it might prove an explanation for other strange things happening in our solar system. 
At a press conference held this afternoon, at the AAS Division of Planetary Sciences annual meeting in Pasadena Ca, another announcement was made about Planet Nine’s effects on the spin-axis tilt of our Sun. This time, the paper titled Solar Obliquity Induced by Planet Nine is lead by Caltech graduate student Elizabeth Bailey, with Brown and Batygin as co-authors.",1
19780,Watch: 60 Minutes Full Interview With President-Elect Donald Trump – MagaFeed,nan,"Get the latest MagaFeed news straight to your inbox! 
Email address: We never spam. You can always unsubscribe later. TRENDING ",1
19781,PA Kids’ Drawings: Israel Drinks Blood of Palestinians,Itamar Marcus,"Reprinted from Palestinian Media Watch . 
Fatah has posted several children's drawings on Facebook. The drawings clearly show the success of PA and Fatah brainwashing children to believe that Israel only seeks to harm them, violence is good and that all of Israel really is ""Palestine."" Labeling the drawings ""innocent drawings"" that ""express the feelings of children of #Palestine,"" Fatah posted the drawing above showing Israel, as indicated by a Star of David, eating a Palestinian body wrapped in the Palestinian flag. Blood is seen coming from the body, and a glass of blood is next to the plate.Another drawing by a Palestinian child showed a crucified woman wearing the colors of the Palestinian flag, with her body in the shape of the PA map of ""Palestine"" that presents all of Israel as ""Palestine"" together with the PA areas. The crucifixion also repeats the analogy that Palestinians are Martyr victims like Jesus . Yet other drawings showed support for violence as legitimate means of Palestinian opposition to Israel. One child drew a Palestinian with a slingshot, another drew a hand with a rifle (see below). These drawings echo the PA and Fatah's encouragement of the use of violence against Israel and their glorification of terrorists as heroes. Palestinian Media Watch documented that summer camps organized by the PA Ministry of Education and the PLO educated children to see terrorist stabbers as role models . 
Other drawings repeated the world view that all of Israel is ""Palestine,"" showing the PA map of ""Palestine"" which completely erases the existence of Israel and its legitimacy (see below). This message is repeated endlessly by the PA and Fatah. Children are told that "" it will all return to us "" on kids' TV programs. The PA National Security Forces regularly post photos from all over Israel presenting the places as ""Palestine,"" and even crossword puzzles portray Israeli cities as ""occupied Palestine."" 
The PA's exploitation of Palestinian children's innocence is precisely what PMW has been highlighting and warning about for years. The PA and Fatah repeatedly demonize Israel as a monster whose only intention is to harm Palestinians. Israel is "" Satan with a tail "" on PA TV children's programs and "" Satan's project "" fighting ""Allah's project"" in sermons delivered by Mahmoud Abbas' advisor. Similarly, Palestinian terrorist murderers are being portrayed as innocent victims of alleged Israeli "" executions ."" A few of the drawings included doves, some calling for ""peace and freedom."" A major focus of Palestinian Authority policy today is to demand freedom for all imprisoned Palestinian terrorists including murderers. One drawing specifies ""Freedom for Ahmad Manasrah"" - a child terrorist who stabbed and critically wounded two Israelis, one of them a 13-year-old boy.",1
19782,"Katie Holmes Talks About Directing, Motherhood and Mistakes - The New York Times",Kathryn Shattuck,"Katie Holmes has a thing for women. “I’m the youngest of five, I have three older sisters, obviously I’m a mom, and I feel comfortable with telling female relationship stories because I’ve been surrounded by so many women my whole life,” she said. So for her feature directorial debut, Ms. Holmes naturally chose a female protagonist  —   this one drowning in life’s complications and fighting desperately to keep her daughter from going down with her. In “All We Had,” set during the 2008 financial crisis, she plays Rita, an impoverished Midwestern single mother who, fleeing the latest abusive man, aimlessly heads east with her    Ruthie (Stefania Owen). But when her car breaks down after she runs out on the check at a diner, she is offered a second chance by the owner (Richard Kind) and his transgender niece (Eve Lindley). (The film opens Friday, Dec. 9.) In a phone interview from Los Angeles, where she lives when not in New York, the candid Ms. Holmes, 37, spoke about moving behind the camera and keeping Suri, her daughter with Tom Cruise, out of the Hollywood glare. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. Had you wanted to direct for a while? I directed an ESPN “30 for 30” on Nadia Comaneci, and it boosted my confidence enough to give a narrative a try. So I went to the book department of ICM and started reading this pile. And Annie Weatherwax’s book really struck a chord in me. I liked that it was a   story but that the relationship was unconventional in that it’s more like sisters, and they’re two survivors on the road. It had a quality of hope and healing that I really responded to  —   about people who falter but are resilient. How hard was it to both direct and act? Well, you don’t sit down  —   that’s for sure. [Laughs] It was really empowering. I knew that it was going to be very intense, and I had my notebooks of acting notes and directing notes, and the first day I just directed. And so it was the second day that I was like: “Oh God, here we go. If this doesn’t work I’m in big trouble. ” But you just go for it. You do fumble and make mistakes. But I came out of it inspired to do it again. Like your characters in “Pieces of April” and “Touched With Fire,” Rita is demanding. Do you gravitate toward this kind of woman onscreen? Yes, [long pause] I think I do. That wasn’t a condemnation. You can condemn me if you want! How did you bond with Stefania Owen? It was challenging because she arrived a week before shooting, and we had to pull off being a very close mother and daughter who really, really need each other. We collaborated on little things  —   the wardrobe, holding hands at certain times. At the end of the movie, you gave special thanks to “my daughter, Suri. Dreams come true. ”  It was my first film, and I want her to always know that she’s the inspiration behind everything, and so hopefully it means something as she gets older. Just to let her know how important she is. You’ve spoken highly of your mother’s parenting skills while you were a teenage actress. How do you approach your own mothering?  I try to make our world very much an environment that’s just all about being a kid without too much of Hollywood coming into that. And I just enjoy it. Honestly I think that there are so many books and opinions about how to be a great mom, and you have good days and bad days, and sometimes you do great and sometimes you could have done better. But I have to say I’m really enjoying having a   . She’s a remarkable person. You’re playing Jacqueline Kennedy again in “The Kennedys: After Camelot,” a   that follows her marriage to Aristotle Onassis and beyond.  She was an amazing woman that we’re all very much mystified by, and there’s a freedom to taking on a character like that because no one really knows how she felt behind closed doors. And I directed the third episode and had a wonderful time figuring out that world. So they just said, “We want you to direct”? Well no, I told them I wanted to. I said, “You’ve got to give me one episode. ” [Laughs] We gotta speak up, Kathryn, we gotta speak up and get what we want, because no one’s going to give it to us. So are you still single, or is there a secret marriage we have to talk about? [Laughs] Nooo, I’m not married. But thank you for asking.",0
19783,New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals - The New York Times,Nicholas Wade,"For the first time, biologists have succeeded in growing human stem cells in pig embryos, shifting from science fiction to the realm of the possible the idea of developing human organs in animals for later transplant. The approach involves generating stem cells from a patient’s skin, growing the desired new organ in a large animal like a pig, and then harvesting it for transplant into the patient’s body. Since the organ would be made of a patient’s own cells, there would be little risk of immune rejection. The    pigs would be examples of chimeras, animals composed of two different genomes. They would be generated by implanting human stem cells into an early pig embryo, resulting in an animal composed of mixed pig and human cells. One team of biologists, led by Jun Wu and Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte at the Salk Institute, has shown for the first time that human stem cells can contribute to forming the tissues of a pig, despite the 90 million years of evolution between the two species. Another group, headed by Tomoyuki Yamaguchi and Hideyuki Sato of the University of Tokyo, and Hiromitsu Nakauchi of Stanford, has reversed diabetes in mice by inserting pancreas glands composed of mouse cells that were grown in a rat. The Salk team’s report is published in Thursday’s issue of Cell and the   team’s in Wednesday’s issue of Nature. The two reports together establish the feasibility of trying to grow replacement human organs in animals, though such a goal is still far off. “I think this is very promising work in principle,” said Rudolf Jaenisch, a stem cell expert at the Whitehead Institute in Cambridge, Mass. Many technical and ethical barriers have yet to be overcome, but the research is advancing alongside the acute need for organs some 76, 000 people in the United States alone are awaiting transplants. Creating chimeras, especially those with human cells, may prove controversial, given the possibility that test animals could be humanized in undesirable ways. One would be if human cells should be incorporated into a pig’s brain, endowing it with human qualities. Almost no one wants a talking pig. Another untoward outcome would be if human cells should come to compose the pig’s reproductive tissues. Few people want to see what might result from the union between a pig with human sperm and a sow with human eggs. In 2005, Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas introduced a bill imposing a $1 million fine on anyone creating and profiting from a chimera with human cells in its brain or reproductive tissues. That bill went nowhere, but in deference to public concerns the National Institutes of Health in 2015 instituted a moratorium on using public funds to insert human cells into animal embryos. The N. I. H. proposed last August to lift the ban, but to require grant proposals involving the insertion of human stem cells into early animal embryos to be examined by an expert committee. The public comment period on the proposal drew 22, 000 responses that it reviewed. . The ban is still in place, and it’s unclear whether the Trump administration would continue to consider lifting the moratorium or whether new objections would be raised to using public funds for this line of research. “We have no indication one way or another that they have any opinions on this,” said Carrie D. Wolinetz, the associate director for science policy at the N. I. H. Insertion of human stem cells into the early embryos of monkeys was prohibited in 2009, and remains so because monkeys, given their evolutionary closeness to humans, might easily have their brains altered by human cells. Biologists’ interest in chimeras has been prompted by the limited success in coaxing medically useful tissues from stem cells grown in glassware.   human stem cells were first derived from human embryos in 1998 and from ordinary adult tissue cells in 2007. After each discovery there were hopes of converting the cells into therapeutic tissues by exposing them in glassware to the sequence of natural chemicals that in the living embryo directs them into constructing the heart, brain, lungs and other organs. But no one knows exactly what sequence of chemicals is required for the generation of each different tissue or organ. This may be why glassware experiments with stem cells have not yet lived up to their full promise. Some biologists believe a better approach may be to grow stem cells not in glassware but in a developing embryo, where they will be exposed to the natural sequence of chemicals required to induce each type of organ. “In the last 18 years, hundreds of labs, including ours, have tried to generate different cell types from human pluripotent stem cells in the culture dish with a cocktail of factors,” Dr. Izpisua Belmonte said. “But the cocktails are not identical to what the cells experience in the embryo. So I thought, ‘Why not let nature do the job? ’” Dr. Izpisua Belmonte’s and Dr. Nakauchi’s teams have both pursued a strategy of directing the human donor cells to generate specific organs in the recipient species. This is desirable for both technical and ethical reasons. Dr. Nakauchi has disabled the master gene in rats for making a pancreas so that when mouse stem cells are injected into the early embryo of such a rat, the growing embryo has no choice but to construct its pancreas of pure mouse cells, instead of the usual mixture of rat and mouse cells. Generating inviting homes for the donor cells may reduce the risk that they will be incorporated in nontarget tissues like the brain or reproductive tissues. Also, an organ made purely of donor cells can be transplanted into the donor animal with minimal fear of rejection. In practice, about 10 percent of the mouse pancreases generated in rats was composed of rat cells, because the rat supplies the blood vessels for the organ. But the rat blood vessels seem to be quickly replaced when the organs are transferred to mice. The mice with their new pancreases lived in good health for a year after the transplant. They came from the same inbred strain as the donor mice, so they did not reject their new organs. The result provides proof of principle that Type 1 diabetes can be treated by growing a pancreas from an individual’s cells in another animal, Dr. Nakauchi and colleagues conclude. The next step is to repeat the experiment in pigs, which produce organs of a more suitable size for use in humans. Dr. Izpisua Belmonte’s team has now shown that human stem cells do survive in pig embryos and help form their organs, although not very efficiently. “The human cell doesn’t contribute much. To the brain we observed little or no contribution at all,” said his colleague Dr. Wu. “This is good news because we can guide the human cells to the organ we want. ” Both Dr. Izpisua Belmonte and Dr. Nakauchi said there was a long way to go before human organs could successfully be grown in animals like pigs. Chimeras will be more immediately useful in studying human embryogenesis, testing drugs and following the progress of disease. To achieve the goal of growing human organs for transplant, researchers must first engineer pigs that cannot make the organ of interest. In mice, this has already been done for the pancreas, heart and eye. They must then show that human stem cells can construct such an organ in a pig. Since the pig will supply the blood vessels and nerves, these will need to be replaced by the recipient’s cells after transplant without triggering immune rejection. If rejection does occur, the researchers will have to knock out the pig’s vasculature genes and arrange for these too to be humanized. Complex organs, like the heart, will be harder to grow than those like the pancreas which has a single kind of progenitor cell. All these steps, though they seem feasible, will require several years to develop and test. Both scientists expressed confidence that ethical concerns about chimera research could be addressed. Chimeras are typically mosaics in which each organ is a mixture of the host and donor cells. But new techniques like the   gene editing system should allow the human cells in a pig embryo both to be channeled into organs of interest and to be excluded from tissues of concern like the brain and reproductive tissues. “This isn’t dangerous research. We’re not creating monsters,” Dr. Nakauchi said. “There isn’t a need to get into a debate about moral humanization if scientists target the organs where the human cells will go,” said Insoo Hyun, a medical ethicist at Case Western Reserve University. “Scientists are not making chimeras just for fun  —   it’s to relieve the dire shortage of transplantable organs. ” Concern about human cells’ incorporation into a lower animal’s brain is not without basis. Dr. Steven Goldman of the University of Rochester Medical Center found in 2013 that mice injected with a special type of human brain cell had enhanced learning abilities. But other forms of humanized mice, such as mice engineered to have a human immune system, are routine laboratory animals that seem to occasion little angst. Dr. Izpisua Belmonte’s insertion of human stem cells into pig embryos was not affected by the N. I. H. moratorium on such chimeras because he used private funds. His experiment was approved by the authorities in Spain and in California, and following their advice, the development of the pig chimeras was stopped after four weeks in the womb. Dr. Nakauchi moved his lab to Stanford from Tokyo in 2014 because Japanese regulations do not allow chimera research, only to be hit with the N. I. H. moratorium a year later, which prevented him from making chimeras with human cells. His mouse pancreas experiment has taken eight or nine years to complete. “I have been in a very frustrating situation,” he said.",0
19784,Minnesota Democrat Pushes $200K in Annual Taxpayer Gifts for Gun Control Groups,AWR Hawkins,"Minnesota state Senator Jeff Hayden ( ) is pushing legislation to designate $200, 000 in taxpayer funds as annual gifts to gun control groups. [In a press conference to announce the legislation, Hayden thanked Michael   Moms Demand Action for their “organizing power. ”  The text of the bill says: This act may be cited as the “Taylor Hayden Gun Violence Prevention Act. ” To reduce the number of injuries and deaths of innocent individuals in the community and to increase community safety, the commissioner of human services shall develop a competitive bidding process to award grants to nonprofit organizations with expertise in gun violence prevention. A nonprofit organization awarded a grant must use the money for gun violence prevention or public awareness and education campaigns on gun violence prevention. Hayden explained that his push to use Minnesotans’ tax dollars for gun control is the result of the death of his sister, Taylor Hayden, who was killed in a suspected drug deal gone bad in Atlanta, Georgia. Hayden explained that Taylor was out with friends in July 2016 “for some dancing and fun. ” He said, “As they were leaving the place where they had eaten and were having fun, gunfire erupted between two parties that were apparently having a problem. ” During the exchange of gunfire, someone grabbed Hayden’s sister and used her “as a human shield. ” She was shot twice and killed. Hayden said his sister “represented everything that we want our children to represent” and he wants to fund gun control in Minnesota to help with “gun violence prevention and outreach. ” He said gun violence is “a public health crisis” and he believes it is fitting to designate tax payer dollars “to get people to understand what happens when you use a gun. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
19785,"If You See A Woman Wearing A Ring On Her Pinky Finger, THIS Is What It Means",Eddy Lavine,"BLOG If You See A Woman Wearing A Ring On Her Pinky Finger, THIS Is What It Means posted by Eddie When a person gets engaged, people around them pay a lot of attention to the ring. However, who says a woman needs to wait for someone else to give them a shiny rock? Engagement rings are wonderful, but they shouln’t be the epitome of your worthiness of love. This is what engagement rings symbolize: A commitment to wed A partner’s sense of belonging However, there is another way to show love, which is why a lot of women have started wearing a ring on her pinky finger. It means that she’s chosen herself. It is a symbol of self-love among women to show the world how much they love themselves. And of course the ‘self-love’ ring isn’t just any ring. It’s a diamond heart ring that’s specially designed. Because it’s a beautiful skill to be able to love yourself independent of a partner, the ring represents a celebration of you. Many women are getting their own pinky rings and wearing them proudly. In this day and age, singleness is nothing to be embarrassed about and a pinky ring let’s women express their feelings about it. Along with the ring, there’s a contract that reads ‘I [your name], pinky promise to honor myself, to choose myself, to remember myself, on a daily basis.’ The cost of the pinky ring is about $150 for sterling silver and $325 for yellow, white or rose gold. Seriously though, could these rings be any more gorgeous? Source:",1
19786,A Dubious Old Master Unnerves the Art World - The New York Times,Nina Siegal,"AMSTERDAM  —   The painting convinced experts at the Louvre. Top French cultural officials declared it a national treasure. Dutch curators at the Mauritshuis joined the chorus of scholars who decided the enigmatic portrait of a man dressed in black was an undiscovered masterwork by Frans Hals. To many, “Portrait of a Man” was that rare find, a truly great old master painting that had simply never surfaced. In 2011, Sotheby’s auction house in New York brokered a private sale to an art collector for about $10 million. This month, though, Sotheby’s declared the work a “modern forgery. ” The portrait was linked to a   event back in March, when the French police seized a painting attributed to Lucas Cranach the Elder that had passed through the hands of the same collector who had sold the Hals. The auction house sent the “Hals” for an   technical analysis that determined that it contained traces of   materials, which meant that “it could not have been painted in the 17th century. ” Sotheby’s rescinded the sale and reimbursed the buyer. If Sotheby’s was right, the question of who may have committed the forgery remains a mystery. Sotheby’s says an investigation is continuing but declines to discuss it further, as do the French authorities. But no matter who is responsible, the story of how this ostensibly fake Hals managed to pass muster with so many leading experts provides a chilling glimpse into the complex but ultimately subjective process of authenticating art. There are those who still have doubts. Martin Bijl, a Dutch old masters restorer who has worked on about 30 Hals paintings in the past seven years, said that he had seen some of the data culled by Orion Analytical for Sotheby’s, and that he was not certain that the work was a forgery. “The ones who have researched it until now are good researchers, but they’re not familiar with the handwriting of Frans Hals, so to speak, so that’s an extra reason to be careful,” he said. Are there other forgeries out there, perhaps from the same source? Several paintings deemed “new discoveries” that came through the hands of the same collector have been called into question. These include “David Contemplating the Head of Goliath,” attributed to Orazio Gentileschi, and a portrait of “Saint Jerome” attributed to the circle of the   Italian painter Parmigianino, which Sotheby’s sold in 2012 for $842, 500. It has been recalled and sent in for testing. “It’s mushrooming into a big scandal,” said Bob Haboldt, an art dealer in Dutch old master paintings. Some other art dealers are quick to play down the threat. The   old master dealer Johnny van Haeften said, “I think it’s a very isolated incident, and it’s not as widespread as people think. ” Those in the field admit, however, that what is unsettling is how easily this work slipped through the system. New Hals works rarely surface, and this one was unknown  —   both reasons it should have received more scrutiny, scholars now say. It had never appeared in any scholarly literature about the artist’s oeuvre and had never been exhibited in the 350 years since the artist’s death in 1666. Mr. Bijl, former chief restorer of the Rijksmuseum, said he could not remember an unknown Hals work showing up in at least the last 25 years. It should have raised suspicions, he said, but added: “Sometimes you find the provenance much later than a painting is found. We don’t know everything. ” The origins of the current narrative can be traced to 2008, when a collector named Giuliano Ruffini asked Christie’s in Paris to look at a painting he said he had purchased from a Spanish art dealer. Mr. Ruffini had been told by an art expert that the work “might be a school of Hals or follower of Hals,” according to his lawyer, Philippe Scarzella. The auction house’s own specialists examined the work, he said, and felt strongly it was probably an original. Christie’s applied for a license to export the painting to its London headquarters for further examination. Such licenses must be sanctioned by the Louvre and the French ministry of culture, and so the work was shared with curators at the Paris museum. Rather than allow the painting to be shipped out of France, the French state declared it a national treasure in 2008 and put a temporary export restriction on it. That same month, the Louvre decided to try to acquire it. A contract from October 2008, sent by Mr. Scarzella to The New York Times, clearly states the intended sale to the Louvre of “Portrait of a Man” by Frans Hals for 5 million euros and designates Christie’s as Mr. Ruffini’s representative. Blaise Ducos, the chief curator of Dutch and Flemish paintings at the Louvre, was invited to look at the painting. The French Museums Restoration and Research Center collected   infrared and ultraviolet images of the work to try to determine its authenticity, but did not submit it for a pigment analysis, according to a spokesman for the center. The Louvre also shared it with other scholars, such as Quentin Buvelot, senior curator at the Mauritshuis in The Hague. “Several   art historians had already seen the painting and had expressed their enthusiasm about its appearance, and Blaise and I shared that enthusiasm,” Mr. Buvelot wrote in an email to The New York Times. This work is “executed with so much refinement and skill that many connoisseurs believed it was painted by the master himself,” he added. After the sales contract was drawn up, however, Christie’s began to have “doubts on provenance and attribution,” according to Belinda Bowring, a spokeswoman. She declined to discuss the specific concerns and who raised them. The auction house asked Mr. Ruffini to guarantee the attribution. In response, he sent a letter noting that he was “in no way” responsible “for the attribution and authenticity of the work,” which he said were in the hands of the experts. “He didn’t want to guarantee anything,” Mr. Scarzella said. “It’s not his job, you know. ” Meanwhile, Mr. Ducos invited a number of prominent Dutch and French businessmen, as well as several Hals experts, to look at the painting in private. Mr. Haboldt attended one such event, which took place at the Dutch ambassador’s residence in Paris. “I didn’t doubt it at the time,” Mr. Haboldt said. “Of course, I wasn’t looking with buyer’s eyes. It had already been vetted by the Louvre. I looked at it congratulating the dealer, but I didn’t try to analyze it to see if I was dealing with a fake. ” In the end, the Louvre did not purchase the painting, but it is unclear why. Mr. Haboldt said it was because the museum could not raise the funds the Louvre said in a statement only that “at the end of the procedure (April 2011) examining the whole context, the Louvre didn’t acquire this painting. ” The painting’s lack of documentation did not necessarily concern Mr. Buvelot, who   a paper on the painting with Mr. Ducos in The Burlington Magazine in 2014, calling it “a very important addition to Hals’s oeuvre. ” “It is not an uncommon phenomenon that old master paintings are not listed in the existing literature,” he said by email. “One should not forget that the first serious oeuvre catalogs were only made in the 19th century. ” After the temporary export ban was lifted, the   art dealer Mark Weiss purchased it from Mr. Ruffini for a reported $3 million in 2010. In a statement emailed to The New York Times, Mr. Weiss said he believes the painting is authentic because so many established experts have held that view. “The only dissenting voice,” he wrote, “was that of the other acknowledged Hals scholar, Claus Grimm, who thought it was by Hals’s son Peter. ” Mr. Grimm confirmed this, adding: “I felt that the author of the painting was an imitator, but had no clear suggestion for an alternative attribution. I did not believe it as a recent fake since I never came across such a close imitation. ” The following year, Sotheby’s arranged a private treaty sale for “about $10 million,” Sotheby’s said. The buyer, the collector Richard Hedreen of Seattle, declined to comment. As for the earlier Christie’s qualms about the work, Lauren Gioia, a spokeswoman for Sotheby’s, wrote in an email: “We cannot confirm whether this is factually accurate as we were not involved at the time. We were, obviously, not aware of it. ” All seemed well until March of this year, when the French police seized the painting “Venus With a Veil,” attributed to Lucas Cranach the Elder belonging to the collection of the Prince of Liechtenstein, from an exhibition in    because of concerns about its authenticity. The seizure caused a stir in the art community: The painting was linked to the collection of Mr. Ruffini. That was when Sotheby’s decided to look into its Hals, since it came from the same seemingly tainted source. Mr. Hedreen sent the painting back for  . Orion Analytical examined the work, and its analysis was peer reviewed by another leading conservation scientist. Sotheby’s concluded in a statement, “Unfortunately, that analysis established that the work was undoubtedly a forgery. ” Mr. Weiss still doubts, he said, that the “Hals” is a forgery, because he has not had the chance to undertake corroborative investigations, which he believes should be done given the enormous impact a forgery finding could have on the art market and historical research. Either way, this year the police raided Mr. Ruffini’s estate near Parma, Italy. The French police seized two paintings in addition to the one attributed to Cranach, according to Mr. Scarzella: a copy of a carnival scene, perhaps attributed to Brueghel, and a head of a Christ by A. Solario. No charges have been filed against Mr. Ruffini, Mr. Scarzella said. “The French police hoped to find a hidden forgery workshop, and didn’t find anything,” he said in an email to The New York Times. Moreover, he added, “Mr. Ruffini has no reason to think that these paintings could be fakes. He entrusted professionals, experts, art dealers and museums to study and determine their attributions. Most of whom were sure and enthusiastic. He is not responsible for their change of opinion. ”",0
19787,Anniversary of Great Reporter’s Death,Daily Bell Staff,"Anniversary of Great Reporter’s Death By Daily Bell Staff - November 23, 2016 
We got the very sad news today, Nov. 22, 2015, that Dave McGowan passed away from cancer at 12:47 p.m. – Truth and Shadows 
We missed the anniversary of McGowan’s death, which was yesterday, but he was one helluva a writer, exposing in brief books the“directed history” of the modern era. So, we’ll remember him today. We’ve written about him before, here. 
He died of an extremely aggressive form of lung cancer, which made some of his fans speculate that he’d actually been assassinated. Unfortunately, much of Dave’s work is no long freely available on the ‘Net, though some is available here . 
The following is Dave’s last post here from his Blog Center for an Informed America (June 14, 2015). 
Just nine weeks ago, on April 14, I presented a lengthy video deconstruction of the 2013 Boston Marathon incident through the Caravan to Midnight radio show/podcast. About a week later (on April 20, of all days), the nearly four-hour video presentation was uploaded to YouTube. 
Not long after that, someone using the username Phoenix Archangel posted an interesting comment: “John [Wells, the host of the show] always signs off with some of the best advice ever. Speaking of advice: this David McGowan fella really ought to quit smoking. With all the elitist feathers he’s ruffling, he’s likely to come down with a spontaneous case of hitherto undiagnosed stage 4 inoperable Pancreatic cancer.” 
… Mr./Ms Archangel … wasn’t too far off, though I’ve been told that it’s actually incurable small-cell lung cancer that has already spread to my liver and bones. And no, that’s unfortunately not a joke. It’s my new reality as of just a few short weeks ago, when my entire world was turned upside-down and I suddenly found myself being admitted to the oncology ward at Glendale Adventist Medical Center. Four days later, I was beginning my first round of chemotherapy infusions. The second round begins tomorrow, on Monday, June 15. 
More from Truth and Shadows: 
The first thing I read from McGowan was his series on the Apollo Moon missions called “Wagging the Moondoggie.” This amazing 14-part series is what finally convinced me that the Moon landings never took place. What struck me was not only his insight but his wit. Very dry, which is the best kind. 
In addition to what became a whole series on 9/11, I was also blown away by series on the Boston Marathon “bombing” and dark side of the music scene in Laurel Canyon in the 1960s (which became a book). Other books he has written include Programmed to Kill, Understanding the F-Word: American Fascism and the Politics of Illusion, and Derailing Democracy: The America the Media Don’t Want You to See. 
We ran into McGowan’s work very early in the 2000s when we were researching an article on the Peak Oil hoax. At the time, libertarian analysis was mostly theoretical, but we were trying to focus on a synthesis between free-market theory and “directed” history. 
We could hardly believe McGowan’s comments on Peak Oil. Without, apparently, a deep background in Austrian free-market economics, he nonetheless fully grasped the idiocy of asserting that the modern world was running out of oil, and that since alternatives were not going to be developed in a timely manner, the only solution was drastic, government action. He even mentioned abiotic oil, see here, as we recall. 
When we read his short books, we were further impressed. McGowan moved far beyond simplistic assertions of “conspiracy” to show you clearly how modern history seemed to work. 
For us, the book on the mid-1960s Laurel Canyon music scene here was perhaps the most brilliant. Who knew that Jimi Hendrix was in the military, here, prior to becoming a rock star? Who knew that many of the musical stars of the early- to the mid-1960s were somehow gathered together in Laurel Canyon prior to their fame, here – and that many or most had military ties or came from military families. 
McGowan didn’t state everything. Some things he left up to you. But it was hard to come away from his books without understanding his main point, that society was directed purposefully from above and that before the Internet (and people like McGowan), you would live your entire life unknowingly according to someone else’s plan. 
His short book about Laurel Canyon not only shows how directed history operates, it makes the point, resonantly, that society and even culture can be shifted according to elite strategies. In other words, in not very many pages it SHOWS (not tells) how Western social manipulation actually works. Likely it has worked this way for thousands of years. 
Before McGowan, it was easy to believe that social manipulation must inevitably be a clumsy affair, imposed brutally as it was in the USSR. McGowan presents ways cultural reconfiguration can take place secretly and powerfully, without anyone but a handful knowing it is happening. 
For instance, the standard story of the 1960s is that young people got upset over the war and in the process of protesting, quickly created an entire counterculture that opposed much of what “corporate America” stood for. The trouble with the 1960s counterculture was that it never adequately defined the real problem, nor did it fully explain the solution. 
The hippie ethos blamed much of what was wrong with America on corporate greed and the like. This led to the conclusion that government itself could rectify what was wrong. But both modern corporations and today’s massive governments are the result of monopoly force wielded behind the scenes. 
In reality, as McGowan showed, the 1960s movement was likely painstakingly created to generate certain results, mostly by reinforcing social chaos. Thus, blaming problems on corporations and looking to government for solutions was only to be expected, though it was wrongheaded on numerous levels. 
As we know today from Internet information, government is seemingly supported by a handful of unfathomably rich individuals – those who likely control central banking – to provide “solutions” that inevitably generate more problems not less. 
We know from Austrian economics that almost every law and regulation is surely a price fix that must drain prosperity from society. We know, via “marginal utility” here that valid prices can only be generated via market competition itself. 
The 1960s hippie revolution explored little of this because – as McGowan suggested – it was created and sustained by the CIA. So many 1960s figures were apparently working with the CIA. 
These may have included singer Jim Morrison, whose father helped initiate the fake military incidents that Lyndon Johnson used to generate the full-on Vietnam war here – and many other musicians, promoters and business opportunists. And also those individuals who initially dispersed CIA-created LSD, here. 
In fact, one can speculate that the Vietnam War itself was created as part of a Hegelian dialectic that included the creation of a manipulated 1960s alternative “hippie” culture. Each Hegelian thesis demands an antithesis that leads to a synthesis. The war was the thesis, and the counterculture was the antithesis leading to the synthesis we have today. 
The goal is always globalism, apparently. And social chaos must be regularly induced in order to reinforce additional government actions. If one has the patience and the desire, it is relatively easy to discern the evolution of these modern manipulations and even to predict their future. 
It’s one reason, we continue to distrust narratives present in the mainstream media and even those being offered, sometimes, in the alternative media. We’re not sure that this presidential election, for instance, is what it seems. And we have written numerous articles suggesting that a good deal of purposeful propaganda surrounds nuclear weapons, to name one additional promotion, here . 
Conclusion: McGowan helped show the way, however, and we simply need to follow his lead to better our own comprehension. It’s not pleasant to pursue such information, nor come to additional conclusions, but the alternative is living in ignorance of the true influences on our life and times. Some people are content to live without embarking on such explorations. Others are not.",1
19788,Songwriters Sue Justice Department Over Licensing Rules - The New York Times,Ben Sisario,"When Michelle Lewis, a Los Angeles songwriter, gets her quarterly royalty statements from Ascap, she receives a stark reminder of how songs are valued in the digital age. The tunes she writes for TV shows like Disney’s “Doc McStuffins” bring in thousands of dollars, but streaming outlets like Pandora and Spotify yield less than $100 combined. “The honest truth is that if it weren’t for the TV stuff, I’d be working at Starbucks,” said Ms. Lewis, who has writing credits on pop hits by Cher, Little Mix and Katharine McPhee. “There is no way I could afford to be a songwriter just on streaming and digital radio. ” As the reach of streaming music has grown, songwriters  —   an essential but often invisible part of the music world  —   have become increasingly vocal about their unhappiness with the amount of compensation they receive from digital outlets. Those complaints have reached a peak since last month, when the Justice Department ruled that Ascap and BMI, the two largest royalty clearinghouses, must change their licensing procedures to comply with federal regulations. On Tuesday, Ms. Lewis and Songwriters of North America, an advocacy group she helped found a year ago, sued the Justice Department, saying that the agency overstepped its authority and that its ruling violated the property rights of songwriters by potentially nullifying private contracts between writers who have worked on the same song. The suit is the latest step in an extensive campaign by the music industry to fight the ruling, but it is the first organized response by songwriters. In the suit, Ms. Lewis was joined by two other songwriters with extensive résumés: Tom Kelly, who helped write hits like “True Colors” and “Like a Virgin,” and Pam Sheyne, who was a writer on Christina Aguilera’s hit “Genie in a Bottle. ” “Songwriters want to have a seat at the table,” said Dina LaPolt, an entertainment lawyer who is advising Songwriters of North America on its suit. The Justice Department declined to comment on the lawsuit. Last month’s ruling by the Justice Department has to do with one of the most complex  —   and most bitterly disputed  —   issues in music copyright. For songs to be played on the radio, on streaming services or even in public places like restaurants and retail stores, performing rights organizations like Ascap and BMI collect royalties for songwriters and music publishers. In the United States, these fees amount to more than $2 billion a year. But the music industry has long been unsatisfied by the rates paid by online companies, and two years ago Ascap and BMI asked the Justice Department for changes to the regulatory agreements that have governed the organizations for decades. Last month, the agency declined those requests, and instead ruled that to comply with their existing rules, Ascap and BMI must institute what is known as 100 percent licensing: When a song has multiple writers, the organizations must have the legal clearance to represent the entire song or remove it from their catalogs. Broadcasters and digital companies hailed the ruling as a cleareyed application of copyright law. But music industry groups said it would disrupt decades of practice and cause tumult throughout the business. (Songwriters don’t always belong to the same rights organization, meaning broadcasters and digital outlets would have to have deals in place with various groups.) BMI has said it will challenge the rule in federal court, with a hearing expected on Friday. The lawsuit by Songwriters of North America contends that the Justice Department’s ruling on 100 percent licensing violates the property rights of songwriters, since it would mean that private contracts among songwriting collaborators  —   a common arrangement  —   might not comply with the new rule. In its announcement last month, the Justice Department suggested that writers with such agreements would need to renegotiate those deals. The songwriters’ lawsuit argues that this change violates the Fifth Amendment by removing property rights without due process and seeks a declaration that the new rule is unlawful. In addition to the Justice Department itself, the suit names as defendants Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch and Renata B. Hesse, who oversees the agency’s antitrust division. “The 100 percent mandate,” the suit says, “is an illegitimate assertion of agency power in gross violation of plaintiffs’ due process rights, copyright interests and freedom of contacts, and needs to be set aside. ” In preparing its suit, Songwriters of North America was also advised by Jacqueline C. Charlesworth, a former general counsel of the United States Copyright Office, which has argued that 100 percent licensing would conflict with copyright law. The songwriters are represented in their suit by Gerard P. Fox, a Los Angeles lawyer known in music circles for representing the Isley Brothers when they successfully sued Michael Bolton for copyright infringement in the 1990s. Mr. Fox is representing Songwriters of North America on a pro bono basis, Ms. Lewis said. The organization has about 200 members, and it began with a meeting early last year when Ms. Lewis and other writers, confused and exasperated by their minuscule online royalties, asked Ms. LaPolt to explain to them the complex system of online copyright licensing. Ms. Lewis said she hoped the lawsuit would reveal more about the lives of songwriters, who, even when they write major hits, are often little known to the public. “We are the worker bees churning out the songs,” Ms. Lewis said.",0
19789,"In the Turmoil Over Race and Policing, Children Pay a Steep Emotional Price - The New York Times",Yamiche Alcindor,"In the past week alone, there was the    girl in Falcon Heights, Minn. who was captured on video consoling her mother after they watched a police officer shoot the mother’s boyfriend through the window of a car. And there was the    boy in Baton Rouge, La. who sobbed uncontrollably in front of television cameras after the similar shooting death of his father. Then there were the four brothers, ages 12 to 17, whose mother was shot by the sniper who opened fire on officers in Dallas on Thursday night while the family was protesting police violence against blacks. The mother, who survived, threw herself atop one boy, as the others ran for their lives. Again and again, children are finding themselves enmeshed in the country’s roiling debate over police treatment of  . The   views of violence, obviously traumatizing, are giving rise to a generation of young people who distrust authority, grow up well before their time and suffer nightmares that seem too real. “As a mother, I have now been forced to raise a son who is going to remember what happened to his father,” said Quinyetta McMillon, the mother of the boy in Louisiana who sobbed over the death of his father, Alton Sterling. “That I can’t take away from him. ” While adults around them protest and demand criminal justice reform, young witnesses of the carnage are reeling from their losses and harboring   depression that often comes pouring out in panic attacks and breakdowns, relatives say. The list of young people burdened by these tumultuous times includes Tamir Rice’s teenage sister, who lost 50 pounds after watching the police shoot him in 2014 the daughter of Oscar Grant III, killed by a transit officer while lying down on a California train platform in 2009, who as a    would ask playmates to duck when she saw the police and the    nephew of Sandra Bland, who began sleeping in his mother’s room after Ms. Bland’s death last year in a jail cell. “They are aware of what’s going in the world, of how you can leave your house and you can very well end up in a body bag,” said a sister of Ms. Bland’s, Shante Needham, whose four children continue to struggle with the death of their aunt. “They watch the news. They see all the stuff going on on Facebook. And it’s sad that kids even have to think like that, that if I get stopped by the police, I may not make it home. ” Ms. Bland, 28, was arrested after being pulled over for failing to signal a lane change in Waller County, Tex. and was later found hanged in her cell. Her family has questioned the ruling of her death as a suicide and believes that the arresting officer made up an accusation after she refused to put out her cigarette. One of Ms. Needham’s sons, now 17, tried to hold in his grief but ended up sobbing and punching a hole in a wall three days after his aunt’s death. Ms. Needham’s    daughter usually cannot sleep more than five hours a night. And her    son has taken to sleeping in her room at night out of fear of being alone. “He was sleeping in his own bed for a little while, and then one day he came up to me and said, ‘Listen, Mom, I can’t sleep,’” said Ms. Needham, of Naperville, Ill. He said he could not stop thinking of his aunt. Trauma is also rippling through the children of the officers killed and injured during the Dallas shooting. The widow of one slain officer lamented on Facebook  that her children would now endure a lifetime without their father. The    daughter of an officer who was wounded by the sniper told reporters she was just glad her mother had survived. The tumult of the past few days has hit Esaw Snipes Garner, the widow of Eric Garner, hard. She said she and the couple’s five children had been forced to see her husband die over and over again because video of his death would resurface when another   died at the hands of an officer. Mr. Garner, 43, died in July 2014 after a police officer placed him in a chokehold while arresting him in connection with selling untaxed cigarettes on Staten Island. The couple’s daughter Erica, 26, has channeled her pain into becoming an outspoken activist, but their youngest son, Emery, 16, keeps his feelings bottled up. Ms. Garner is also concerned about the couple’s young grandchildren. She took pictures of Mr. Garner off her walls to keep them from always asking about him. “They see the police, and they say, ‘That’s the cop that killed my grandpa,’” she said. The children have even repeated slogans used by the Black Lives Matter movement, Ms. Garner said. “And for them to say, ‘hands up, don’t shoot’ and ‘I can’t breathe,’ it’s cute, but it’s not cute,” she said. “They are   . They should not know ‘hands up, don’t shoot.’ They shouldn’t know that the police killed their grandpa. ” Denise Jones, the    of Corey Jones, a black man who was shot in October by a plainclothes officer in Florida while waiting for a tow truck, also sees trauma in her daughters, Tyrina, 13, and Nariyah, 10. For some time, Nariyah was terrified of the family being separated. Now she checks her parents’ gas gauge and insists that they buy fuel if she thinks it is too low. “She is afraid we are going to break down, and if the police come we could be killed,” said Ms. Jones, who is married to Corey Jones’s brother. “I worry about how it is going to affect them in the long run. Things like this keep happening, and I don’t want them to be fearful but I am afraid they will live in fear for the rest of their lives. ” Tyrina said that while her younger sister cried often, she tried to put on a brave face. “I try to hold it in and be strong and everything, but sometimes I can’t,” she said. “I don’t like police. They say there is always good police and bad police, but you just never know. They can change in a quick second. ” Samaria Rice understands that pain well. Her    son, Tamir, was fatally shot in front of his sister Tajai by a Cleveland police officer. Tajai, now 16, spent most of her days playing video games and sports with Tamir. She has since lost more than 50 pounds from stress and has missed about 100 days from school, her mother said. “She has suffered with breakdowns and crying. She can’t sleep,” Ms. Rice said. “She’s having panic attacks, anxiety attacks. It’s terrible. It is the worst trauma that anybody can experience. ” Ms. Rice and her two other children, Tasheona, 20, and Tavon, 18, cannot escape the haunting spectacle of Tamir’s shooting, either. The scene was caught on camera and has been broadcast repeatedly. This week was especially tough, she said, because of the deaths of Mr. Sterling, a CD vendor who was fatally shot by the police in Louisiana, and Philando Castile, who was shot by an officer in Minnesota and whose girlfriend captured his death by streaming video on Facebook. “This is an open wound because my son was killed by the police,” Ms. Rice said. “It was like they put salt in my wound with Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. ” Martinez Sutton, 33, agreed and said he had missed some of the ways his young children understood the magnitude of the loss of his sister Rekia Boyd. Ms. Boyd, 22, was shot in the back of the head in 2012 by an   Chicago police detective who had argued with her and her friends about making too much noise. A year after her death, while looking through footage on a video camera, Mr. Sutton found several clips showing just how much his sons, Travez and Demirez, who were 4 and 6 at the time of the shooting, understood. The pair used pencils as drumsticks on their dressers as they recorded songs. “They were just singing, ‘Why they killed my auntie? My auntie was a good woman,’” Mr. Sutton said. “It’s heartbreaking. ”",0
19790,The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past,nan,"« Previous - Next » The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past 
Several paranormal writers and researchers have spoken out about the extraordinary technological capabilities of the Vatican. It has been sensationally alleged that there is an incredible device kept at the heart of the Catholic Church which allows senior members to see future events and events from the past. It has been said that this device is the secret to explaining the continued influence and power of the Church. The Vatican’s attempts to look into the future 
It has been said that the device was constructed in the 1950s by a team of twelve scientists led by Father Pellegrino Maria Ernetti. Father Ernetti had worked as a physicist before moving into the papacy. The team was also supported by a number of renowned scientists from outside of the Church including Enrico Fermi and the rocket scientist, Wernher von Braun. Related Articles Chronicles of the Future: The secret diary of someone who saw the future 
The machine, which is referred to as the Chronovisor, apparently looks like an oversized cupboard covered with antennas, cathode ray tubes, dials, and levers. While Father Ernetti has refused to reveal a great deal of information about the functioning of the machine he has admitted that it works by processing residual electromagnetic radiations. Using the machine, it has been said that Ernetti viewed one of Napoleon Bonaparte’s speeches, a Greek tragedy called Thyestes and even the crucifixion of Christ . 
However, the Chronovisor has not only been used for historical investigation. In the 1970s, the Vatican decided to use the extraordinary technology to create a rudimentary form of time travel. In the 1970s, it is alleged that people from within the Vatican successfully traveled forward in time to 2013 and where they claim that they saw the Supreme Court building submerged underneath 100 feet of water and significant damage to Washington DC. When this event did not transpire, scientists from within the Vatican suggested that the Chronovisor was not an accurate instrument for predicting the future. It has been suggested that it is only capable of showing one potential outcome of current geopolitical events. Alternatively, it may show realities from alternate universes. 
Whether this explanation is correct is now impossible to discern as officials within the Vatican have elected to destroy the device, fearing the potential consequences such advanced technology could have for the world. Now it appears that all traces of the machine have been purged from the Vatican archives. Even Father Ernetti made a deathbed recantation of his claims about the capabilities of the machines. However, according to François Brune, it seems likely that he was pressurized into making this retraction by powerful forces within the Catholic Church. 
This article (The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",1
19791,"Chris Christie Knew About Bridge Lane Closings as They Happened, Prosecutors Say - The New York Times",Kate Zernike,"NEWARK  —   Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey knew that three of his top officials were involved in a plan to shut down lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge as it was happening and that the closings were intended to punish a local mayor for declining to support him, federal prosecutors said on Monday. The assertion was an unexpected and startling beginning to the trial of two former Christie administration officials charged with closing the lanes in 2013 and then covering it up. And it was a surprising claim because of the side of the courtroom it came from, as lawyers made opening statements. Defense lawyers have long argued that Mr. Christie, a Republican, and his top advisers were well aware of the lane closings and that they directed the   as they tried to protect the governor’s political aspirations  —   saying their clients were “thrown under the presidential bus,” as one lawyer argued on Monday. But this was the first time a prosecutor had pointed a finger at Mr. Christie. And it directly contradicts the governor’s statements in the three years since the lanes were mysteriously closed, paralyzing the borough of Fort Lee, N. J. Mr. Christie, a former top federal prosecutor in New Jersey, has consistently denied that he knew about the lane closings as they unfolded, and argued that the United States attorney’s office had “exonerated” him when it declined to indict him along with the defendants now standing trial. The prosecutor, speaking for the United States attorney’s office, said that two of the alleged   in the case, David Wildstein and Bill Baroni, had “bragged” to the governor about the lane closings at a memorial service for the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, on the third day of the closings, and that they had been done to “mess” with Mayor Mark Sokolich of Fort Lee, a Democrat, because he had declined entreaties to endorse the governor’s  . Mr. Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, who were close allies of Mr. Christie, are the two defendants in the trial. Mr. Wildstein and Mr. Baroni boasted to Mr. Christie that panicked phone calls from Mr. Sokolich, pleading that the lane closings were a “public safety emergency,” were deliberately being ignored, the prosecutor said. The prosecutor, Vikas Khanna, quickly moved to quell any curiosity the jury might have about why Mr. Christie was not charged in the plot. “The evidence may show that others could have, should have, perhaps known certain aspects of what was going on in Fort Lee,” he said. “Perhaps you will even wonder what happened to those people. But at the end of this case the only issue for you to decide is whether Bridget Kelly and Bill Baroni are guilty of the crimes with which they are charged beyond a reasonable doubt. That’s it. ” Defense lawyers quickly seized on his comments in their own opening statements. Michael Critchley, a lawyer for Ms. Kelly, a former deputy chief of staff to Mr. Christie, said: “We know who they’re talking about. They’re talking about Governor Christie. They’re talking about Kevin O’Dowd. ” (Mr. O’Dowd was the governor’s chief of staff at the time of the closings.) A spokesman for Mr. Christie, Brian Murray, responding to the prosecutor’s assertion, referred reporters on Monday to statements the governor made in 2014, in which he said he had not known about the plan to close the lanes. Mr. Murray declined to address whether the governor knew about the closings while they were happening. The office of the United States attorney, Paul J. Fishman, declined to comment on why the governor was not charged, but Mr. Fishman has said in the past that merely knowing is not a federal crime. Mr. Christie was intimately woven into the story both sides told in the packed courtroom on Monday. Prosecutors and defense lawyers alike described an administration tightly controlled by the governor, one that worked    with his   campaign to trade favors for endorsements. The governor was trying to win a big and broad margin of victory, and to win over Democratic mayors like Mr. Sokolich, so he could make the case that he was the Republican best able to win the White House. Mr. Khanna said Mr. Baroni covered up the lane closings because “this was something that was important to Trenton. ” He added, “Trenton: the governor’s office. ” Mr. Baroni’s lawyer, Michael Baldassare, later told the jury it would be hearing a lot about Trenton. “Trenton, Trenton, Trenton Trenton is the governor,” he said. “Let’s make no mistake. Open a dictionary: Trenton, the governor. ” The details of the plot that Mr. Khanna laid out are largely familiar by now  —   that Ms. Kelly sent an email in August 2013 saying “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee” after confirming that the mayor of that borough would not endorse Mr. Christie. A month later, two of three access lanes to the George Washington Bridge were shut down. Mr. Baroni, then the   official at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which runs the bridge, studiously ignored the mayor as he pleaded by text, email and a handwritten letter for the agency to reopen the lanes. Mr. Critchley, Ms. Kelly’s lawyer, said Mr. Christie and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York developed a strategy to cover up the lane closings as soon as they ended, and executed it through official statements over the next several weeks, lying that the closings had been a “traffic study. ” Mr. Critchley characterized their strategy as one that sought not to “inflame the issue. ” “The idea that they  —   the governors of New Jersey and New York  —   they’re going to let a single mother of four control the future is also crazy,” he added, referring to Ms. Kelly. A spokesman for Mr. Cuomo flatly denied that he had any involvement. “The governor did not have any role  —   direct or indirect  —   in any press statements regarding the purported traffic study,” he said. The case will hinge on the government’s star witness, Mr. Wildstein, a former political blogger hired to a position created specially for him at the Port Authority, who has admitted, in a guilty plea as part of a deal to cooperate with the government, that he conceived the idea to close the lanes. Defense lawyers characterized him as crazy, a liar described even by witnesses for the prosecution as “a vicious guy,” “maniacal” and “a horrible person. ” And it was Mr. Christie, they said, who installed Mr. Wildstein at the agency to be his enforcer. Mr. Baldassare, Mr. Baroni’s lawyer, said the governor referred to Mr. Wildstein as his “fixer,” or “Mr. Wolf,” after the Harvey Keitel character in the movie “Pulp Fiction,” the guy who cleans up the dead bodies. And everyone  —   Mr. Baroni included  —   feared crossing him. “At the Port Authority at the time, when David Wildstein spoke, Governor Christie’s voice came out and everybody knew it,” Mr. Baldassare said. “It wasn’t just Bill. David Wildstein, based on this evidence, looks like a ventriloquist’s doll sitting on Christopher J. Christie’s lap. ” Mr. Christie, defense lawyers said, was United States attorney when he began talking to Mr. Wildstein, then the author of an anonymous and gossipy political blog in New Jersey the governor hired him after seeing his ability to work in the shadows as a virtue. Mr. Wildstein was a political operative so wily, Mr. Baldassare said, that he once stole Senator Frank R. Lautenberg’s jacket before a debate so that Mr. Lautenberg would have to borrow someone else’s jacket and be uncomfortable during a debate with Mr. Wildstein’s candidate, Representative Millicent H. Fenwick. At the Port Authority, Mr. Baldassare said, he operated on “one constituent rule,” wanting to please only Mr. Christie. He and the governor played a “red light, green light” game, Mr. Critchley said, going down a list and firing people they did not like, greenlighting those who remained in their favor. Mr. Wildstein’s goal, Mr. Critchley said, was to run Mr. Christie’s presidential campaign in one of the important early states  —   Iowa, New Hampshire or South Carolina. As the bridge scandal threatened to take down those presidential hopes, Mr. Critchley said, Mr. Christie pinned the blame on Ms. Kelly. “This case is not only about traffic, it’s about a presidential campaign for the United States of America,” he said. “What she knew could be fatal to an embryonic presidential campaign. ” She was scapegoated, he argued, by a “coterie of cowards. ” “Cowards who were addicted to power,” he said. “Cowards who despite all their titles, when it became time to speak the truth, they showed they were nothing more than opportunists, ambitious opportunists. ”",0
19792,Syria rejects West accusations over chemical attacks,nan,"Syria A man receives treatment at a hospital following a Daesh chemical attack in the Sheikh Maqsood neighborhood of Syria’s Aleppo, April 7, 2016. (Photo by RT) 
Syria has dismissed as baseless recent allegations brought against the Damascus government by Western countries in connection with chemical attacks in the war-torn Arab country. 
“The Syrian Arab Republic has repeatedly denied all allegations circulated by some Western circles and their agents about the use of chemical poisonous materials by Syrian sides, like chlorine gas,” during military operations against terrorists, Syria’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement carried by the official SANA news agency on Wednesday. 
The statement came four days after an international inquiry blamed Syrian government forces for a toxic gas attack in Qminas in northwestern Idlib province on March 16, 2015. 
The accusation was made in the fourth report from the 13-month-long probe by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. 
However, the Syrian Foreign Ministry statement said that there was no ""tangible evidence"" for the inquiry's findings. 
“Syria has repeatedly warned against repercussions of politicizing this issue regarding the credibility of the work of international relevant sides,” the ministry added. 
It also stressed that the Syrian government remains committed to all its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention, a multilateral treaty that bans chemical weapons and requires their destruction. 
Daesh has frequently used chemical weapons in both in Syria and Iraq, where the Takfiri terrorist group is mainly active. 
A report by the Syrian-American Medical Society published back in March said that Daesh had carried out more than 160 attacks involving “poisonous or asphyxiating agents, such as sarin, chlorine, and mustard gas” since the beginning of the conflict in Syria. The report added that over 1,490 people had been killed in the chemical attacks. 
Since March 2011, Syria has been hit by militancy it blames on some Western states and their regional allies. Loading ...",1
19793,Military Plane Approaching A UFO. See What Happens Then...,nan,"Military Plane Approaching A UFO. See What Happens Then... # Grey 0 
It’s not very often that someone has to catch a UFO and at the same time, military fighter planes in the sky. 
The video recording captures a UFO of elliptical shape that is chased by a military jet. Tags",1
19794,What It Feels Like to Ride in a Self-Driving Uber - The New York Times,Mike Isaac,"PITTSBURGH  —   I’m parked on a patch of gravel outside the old Heinz ketchup bottling factory here early on a Monday morning, and I’m frustrated. My Uber   car will not start driving itself. The engineer in the passenger seat next to me, an Uber employee for all of three weeks who asked if I wanted to take a turn behind the wheel, chimes in to say I should turn the car off and start it again, as if rebooting a computer. In this case, my “computer” is a modified Ford Fusion hybrid sedan   Boron 6, an atomic element often found in magnets, laundry detergent and nuclear reactors. Uber has outfitted it with more than 20 cameras, seven lasers, a spinning     detection system and 1, 400 other aftermarket parts that render millions of bits of data about the environment in real time as I drive through it. If the car works as advertised, someday neither I nor anybody else will sit in the driver’s seat of a car again. For now, a few square miles in downtown Pittsburgh represent Uber’s dreams of a mobile future, in which people eschew car ownership in favor of hailing a safer, driverless ride directly from their smartphone. I experienced those   ambitions firsthand this week, riding in Boron 6 for about an hour in light downtown traffic. On Wednesday, Uber rolled out a pilot program of its driverless cars to its most loyal customers in Pittsburgh, giving them the chance to hail an autonomous Uber for the first time. With the trial, a handful of test vehicles  —   Ford Fusions at first  —   will roam the streets, each car coming with a human safety engineer who has undergone training to reassure riders that the process is safe. During my ride, most of which I spent as a passenger in Boron 6’s back seat, my safety engineer proved his worth. At various moments, he had to take over the wheel and turn through intersections where locals are known to speed. When a truck driver backed out into the road illegally, he put his foot on the brake, immediately taking control of the car. If the safety engineer felt unsafe, he could at any time smack down a big red button in the center console  —   suspiciously similar to a seat ejector switch from a James Bond film  —   to disengage from   mode. To turn the   feature back on, he need only press a sleek steel button next to an embossed nameplate stamped on the console. If I felt unsafe as a passenger, I could also request that the driver take over the vehicle, or press a button on a screen facing the back seat that would end the ride. I also monitored the infrared environment the car had rendered from the screen, a   world updating in real time, and took a selfie from a camera built into the console. After the ride, Uber texts to passengers an animated GIF of the   modeled route taken, along with the selfie. But for most of the ride, I felt safe. In   mode, turns and stops were near seamless, and I often had to check in with my driver to see whether he or the computer was steering the car. I did grow a bit nervous a few times when watching how close the computer drove us to cars parked on the right side of a street. Though, admittedly, that could have been my mind playing tricks on me by being more vigilant than usual about my surroundings. In many ways, Pittsburgh is the perfect test environment for the company. The city, in essence a peninsula surrounded by mountains, is laid out in a giant triangle, replete with sharp turns, steep grades, sudden speed limit changes and dozens of tunnels. There are 446 bridges, more than in Venice. Residents are known for the “Pittsburgh left,” a risky intersection turn. Raffi Krikorian, engineering director of Uber’s Advanced Technologies Center, located in the city’s industrial Strip District, put it this way: “Pittsburgh is the   diamond of driving. ” The challenge expressed in Mr. Krikorian’s ski analogy is one that Uber has taken to heart. From the company’s point of view, the   vehicle operates more safely than any human driver. Uber said autonomous cars can reduce   deaths, including the nearly 40, 000 that occurred in the United States last year, which was the deadliest for   deaths since 2008 and had the largest    percentage increase in 50 years, according to the National Safety Council. There has been at least one reported and confirmed death of a driver operating a semiautonomous vehicle, that of a Tesla owner involved in a crash in May, while the car’s Autopilot system was engaged. On Wednesday, the Chinese government television news channel reported that a Tesla owner had been killed in a crash in January in which the Autopilot feature was reportedly in use. My driverless Uber stopped far behind cars in front of us at intersections. It stayed exactly at the speed limit  —   25 miles per hour where we drove  —   even when there was no traffic around. At one stoplight, the car waited for the green signal before turning right. The human drivers behind us were not pleased. As my ride in Boron 6 wound down  —   in total, I traveled roughly 20 miles in the vehicle  —   it was hard not to feel like a celebrity, or perhaps more like a Martian. Other motorists gawked, and a boy on a Razor scooter gaped at me from a corner, waving to his mother to come look. This future has been a long time coming. Advertising for   cars goes at least as far back as the 1950s, with images of families in cars huddled around game boards in the back seat, playing dominoes. Some of the people involved in the Uber project have spent their entire careers working toward a day like Wednesday. But how they will get rich from it remains unclear. Much of Uber’s success has been based on the premise that people could share their idle cars with the public by driving during their spare time. A   car obviates the need for human drivers, a clear source of tension among Uber drivers today. Company executives said   cars would be only one part of Uber’s business in the future, with a mix of drivers and autonomous vehicles. And Uber isn’t the first to place big bets on   cars, with Google, Apple, Tesla,   BMW and Infiniti all offering or developing autonomous features for vehicles. Some of these efforts have run into hurdles  —   Apple’s initiative, Project Titan, has had ups and downs. Some of Uber’s own aims may have been overly ambitious. When the company announced its autonomous car pilot last month, the tests were expected to roll out with Volvo XC90s, sport utility vehicles that would be modified in partnership with the automaker. Uber now says the XC90s are expected to hit the road by the end of the year, but it offered no explanation for the delay, and Volvo did not respond to a request for comment. All of these companies face an uncertain regulatory environment for driverless vehicles that could impede the rollouts of the cars across the country. There will be delays and bugs, such as the one I encountered my first time behind the wheel when the   car didn’t drive itself. That’s the whole point of the pilot test. The wealth of sensors and recording equipment will see what happens  —   warts and all  —   “so we can learn more about what makes drivers and riders comfortable and safe,” said Emily Duff Bartel, a product manager at the Advanced Technologies Center. For me, it took about 10 minutes of troubleshooting to work through the glitches, but Boron 6 eventually turned on and started driving itself. That is, after a little bit of human intervention.",0
19795,There’s Already a Game Too Big to Install on the Nintendo Switch - Breitbart,Nate Church,"With less than 28GB of usable memory, the Nintendo Switch is already proving inadequate for installing some games. [The good news: the Nintendo Switch does not require you to install physical copies of titles before they are playable. The bad news: there’s a good chance it will not be possible anyway for some titles. Already in Japan, the hefty Dragon Quest Heroes I  II double pack has proved too large for the drive that comes standard with Nintendo’s newest console.  While most titles seem to sit between one and five gigabytes in size, even the   Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild asks for about half of the total hard drive space on offer to install it. If you run out of space, you’ll need to purchase a separate MicroSD card. That means if you want to take advantage of the additional games and DLC to be made available in Nintendo’s eShop, you’re almost certainly in for an additional investment above and beyond, That means if you want to take advantage of the additional games and DLC to be made available in Nintendo’s eShop, you’re almost certainly in for an additional investment above and beyond the Switch’s $300 price tag. Similar problems didn’t hamper the Nintendo Wii’s over 100 million units sold, though the Wii U struggled out of the gate with a model that offered the same 32GB the company is offering with the Switch  —   an amount that was just barely adequate, even for the time. Almost 5 years later, it’s even less likely to get a free pass from consumers. Despite its struggles, the Nintendo Switch presale numbers are looking very healthy, and Nintendo is standing by a prediction that they’ll move 2 million consoles within the Switch’s first month of release. Once the core group of   fans have been sated, however, it remains to be seen how the larger market will react. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
19796,"Marco Rubio: President Trump Will Empower the People of Cuba, Not Communist Leaders - Breitbart",Charlie Spiering,"Florida Senator Marco Rubio praised Donald Trump for empowering the Cuban people by reversing some of former President Barack Obama’s diplomatic concessions with the Castro brothers. [“More than anything else this change empowers the people of Cuba   …     America is prepared to outstretch its hand and work with the people of Cuba, but we will not empower their oppressors,” Rubio said during an event in Florida to highlight Trump’s policy changes with Cuba.  Rubio joined Trump for an event in Florida to highlight Trump’s policy changes with Cuba, at a packed room at the Manuel Artime Theater in Miami. “Less than a year and half ago, an American president landed in Havana, to outstretch his hand to a regime,” he said. “Today, a new president lands in Miami to reach out his hand to the people of Cuba. ” Rubio told the people gathered for the event that since Trump was elected, he repeatedly asked him how he could help the people of Cuba. “He has not faltered in that committment,” Rubio said. Trump was also gracious while discussing his former campaign rival for the Republican presidential nomination, calling him a “tough competitor. ” “He is tough! Man! He is tough and he is good!” Trump said.",0
19797,"Verboten! Don’t speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer",admin,"Verboten! Don’t speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer Verboten! Don’t speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer By 0 108 
Germans living in Britain have been cautioned against speaking their native language in public places after the Brexit vote set hate crimes soaring. 
Speaking to the German newspaper Die Welt, lawyer Carmen Prem thought it was best to not speak “too loudly” when out and about. 
Read more 
“The tone has changed,” said the mother-of-two who has been living in London for 13 years. “No Briton would ever say ‘we do not want you here.’ But it is now ‘we and you.’” 
She also recounted how on the bus home she had recently heard the driver tell passengers to “kindly speak English.” 
In the piece, other Germans tell of “stronger xenophobia” in the country since the referendum in June. 
There is a “new bitterness, an anger which hardly any of the countless non-British on the island expected,” it adds. 
Race and religious crimes saw a 41 percent rise in the month after the Brexit vote. Nearly 5,500 incidents were recorded by the Home Office in July alone. 
The overall hate crime rate was also up 19 percent on last year. Four out of five of the crimes reported were motivated by race hatred, seven percent by religion. 
King’s College London professor Mischa Dohler told Die Welt he was now considering moving abroad. 
The German academic claimed he had been offered several jobs, including an opportunity at Cambridge, but had to turn them down as he does not know what will follow the Brexit negotiations. 
“Many non-British academics simply see no future here,” he said. Abuse & insecurities 
Worries among German citizens come after a Spanish man was knocked down by a passerby with a wooden plank in Bournemouth earlier this month. 
The man was reportedly speaking to his girlfriend in his native language when the thug approached him shouting “f***ing Spanish, speak in English” before hitting him with a piece of wood grabbed from a nearby building. 
READ MORE: French nationals suffer post-Brexit abuse, claims ambassador 
The French were also reportedly reconsidering their future in Britain after being subjected to “negative or aggressive language” following the UK’s decision to leave the European Union. Up to 300,000 French nationals are currently registered as living in the country. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",1
19798,Thieves Steal Bees that Pollinate Central Valley Almonds,Chriss W. Street,"Hundreds of bee hives worth over a half million dollars shipped to California’s Central Valley for the annual almond tree pollination were stolen on January 17, the Los Angeles Times reports. [Montana beekeeper Lloyd Cunniff, owner of Beeline Honey Co. shipped 488 bee hives to Sutter County in   to service his almond grower pollination contracts. But after tending his bees in a grove near Meridian on Monday, he returned Tuesday morning to find his $542, 000 of hives missing.  Bee pollination is not only important to rural agricultural communities throughout the Central Valley it also provides a global economic benefit of about $290 billion in 2015. There are an estimated 115, 000  —   125, 000 beekeepers in the United States. Although the vast majority of beekeepers are hobbyists with fewer than 25 hives, there are a few thousand commercial operators with 300 or more beehives. The 2. 6 million domestic honey bee colonies in the U. S. produced 149 million pounds of honey in 2013. With a wholesale price of about $2. 12 a pound, the crop was worth about $317 million. California was the fifth largest American producer with 10. 9 million pounds, worth $22. 9 million, according to the National Honey Board. Because millions of acres of U. S. fruit, nut, vegetable, oilseed and legume seed crops worth about $19 billion depend on bees, commercial operators are paid by growers to migrate their colonies each year to provide pollination services. But with demand drastically outstripping California’s local supply, Beeline travels 900 miles from Choteau, Montana each year to service contracts around the Sacramento area. According to government U. S. agricultural data, the cost of renting honey bee hives for almond pollination has vaulted for about $50 per hive in 2003, to $ $200 per hive today. It now takes more than a million bee colonies to service California’s annual crop. After 500 hives were stolen last year, the California State Beekeepers Assn. issued an advisory to beekeepers across the state to beware of an “unprecedented” rise in beehive thefts.",0
19799,"‘Gaps of Trust’ With Russia Bar a Syrian Truce, Obama Says - The New York Times",Mark Landler,"VIENTIANE, Laos  —   The Obama administration’s latest effort to broker a   in Syria’s civil war fell short on Monday, after a   meeting between President Obama and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia failed to resolve problems between them. “Given the gaps of trust that exist, that’s a tough negotiation, and we haven’t yet closed the gaps in a way where we think it would actually work,” Mr. Obama declared at a news conference at the end of a Group of 20 summit meeting in Hangzhou, China. He did not describe the points of contention. Other officials have said they involve technical issues like how to staff checkpoints in combat areas. But the checkered history of Syrian    —   the United States agreed to one with Russia in February, only to watch it unravel weeks later  —   has left the president deeply leery. On a day of diplomacy and history, Mr. Obama later flew to Laos, becoming the first sitting American president to visit this country, where children still stumble over unexploded bombs dropped by the United States during the Vietnam War. Having failed to halt the guns in Syria, Mr. Obama will seek reconciliation with the victims of a war long over. He insisted he was not giving up on Syria, however. Mr. Obama said he had instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to continue negotiating with the Russians this week to see if a deal on Syria was possible. The goals would be to halt the rain of bombs on Aleppo and to give breathing space to a United   effort to find a political end to Syria’s war between the forces of President Bashar   which are backed by Russia, and an array of insurgents seeking to depose him. “The faster we can offer some relief to folks on ground,” Mr. Obama said, “the better off we’re going to be. ” At his own news conference in Hangzhou, Mr. Putin said the Syria talks were on the “right track,” though he declined to discuss details of a deal. He expressed hope that an agreement could be reached “in the next few days,” despite earlier disagreements. “Then we can say that our joint work with the United States in the fight against terrorist organizations, including along the Syrian track, will be significantly improved and intensified,” Mr. Putin said. Mr. Obama’s appearance was his last at the Group of 20, a gathering of industrialized nations that is supposed to focus on economic issues but often finds those matters eclipsed by war and terrorism. He reminisced about his first meeting, in 2009, when the world was still reeling from the financial crisis. This time, the meeting dramatized both his   status and the changed world that his successor will inherit. On Sunday, during a photograph session with the other leaders, Mr. Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey huddled with each other. A curious Mr. Obama peered at them from the other side of the room. Tensions between Russia and Turkey have escalated over Syria, but the two countries’ leaders have begun talking more in recent weeks, just as Turkey’s ties with the United States have frayed. Mr. Obama had a rough welcome in Hangzhou on Saturday, when a dispute over the stairs he would use to exit Air Force One left him disembarking from a door in the belly of the plane. Some China experts interpreted it as a snub of a departing leader by a rising power. On his departure, however, the Chinese arranged for a shiny set of stairs with a strip of blue lights beneath the railing to be rolled up to the plane. Mr. Obama remains a central figure in conversations on a variety of issues, including Iran and international economics. But there was a palpable sense on his Asia trip that the world was awaiting a new president to reassess American policies in Syria, Ukraine and North Korea. On Syria, Mr. Obama left the diplomatic heavy lifting to Mr. Kerry, who met twice in Hangzhou with the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov. On Sunday, the Americans were confident enough of success that they scheduled a briefing to announce a   agreement, erecting two lecterns for the secretary of state and foreign minister. Soon afterward, State Department officials hastily removed one, and Mr. Kerry turned up alone to report that the United States and Russia had been unable to move past a handful of “tough issues. ” The talks continued, though, with the Russians appearing more eager than the Americans to elevate them to the presidential level. Mr. Obama has been openly skeptical of the likelihood of a durable deal involving the Russians. After the meeting with Mr. Putin, it was clear his suspicions had not been dispelled. He recalled the failure of the previous deal that the United States had made with Russia. “Slowly, it unwound, and we’re back into a situation in which Assad’s regime is bombing with impunity,” he said. “That is a very dangerous dynamic. ” As he often does, Mr. Obama characterized his exchange with Mr. Putin as blunt and businesslike. There was no shortage of thorny subjects. The president said they had discussed computer security, though he declined to say whether he had brought up allegations that Russia breached the computer systems of the Democratic National Committee. “We’ve had trouble with cyber intrusions from Russia in the past,” he said. “We’re moving into a new era. ” Mr. Obama is also hoping to turn the page in Laos. The ostensible reason for the visit is two regional conferences that will give him a chance to promote his strategy of pivoting to Asia: the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the East Asia Summit. But Laos has other resonance for Mr. Obama, who has made a vocation, from Cuba to Myanmar, of opening ties to closed societies. The United States and Laos have a difficult relationship that dates to the C. I. A. ’s undeclared war in the 1960s and ’70s, when American warplanes dropped 270 million bombs on this country, many of which are still buried in fields and forests. Mr. Obama, administration officials said, would pledge millions of dollars in additional funding to help clear unexploded ordnance from the Laotian countryside. “Since Laos is still a relatively poor country that is developing, their capacity alone to clean that up is hampered by lack of resources,” he said. “We should help. ” First, though, the president canceled a meeting scheduled for Tuesday with the leader of the Philippines, an American ally in Southeast Asia. Earlier in the day, the new Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, delivered a   diatribe against Mr. Obama, calling him, among other things, a “son of a bitch. ” Mr. Duterte threatened to do so again face to face if the president challenged his inflammatory words or his unorthodox tactics in his country’s drug war. Mr. Obama has yet to meet Mr. Duterte, and the timing would have been important: The Philippines is in the midst of a dangerous    with China over disputed islands in the South China Sea. Still, Mr. Obama questioned the wisdom of putting Mr. Duterte and himself in a room together. “I always want to make sure if I’m having a meeting that it’s actually productive,” he said. “Clearly, he’s a colorful guy,” Mr. Obama added.",0
19800,"Clinton, FBIGate and the true depth of the ObamaGeddon",nan,"Clinton, FBIGate and the true depth of the ObamaGeddon 31.10.2016 Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a problem. Just over one week before the Mother of All Elections, we have information which shocks us to the core, freezes our hearts and sends chills shuddering through our spines. Ladies and Gentlemen, the problem is not FBIGate, it is the mechanisms behind the scenes which have not been reported. Read on. First off, how many times has President Obama blocked investigation into Hillary Clinton's affairs? You will never know. You will never, ever know because the system is rigged, there is no paper trail. There are telephone calls, there are meetings behind closed doors, there are threats. This time however, Obama was caught by surprise. The Nobel Peace Prizewinner, the one who insulted the Nobel Institution, the international community and all those who believed in his shitfaced lie ""Change"", the one who blasted Libya from the African country with the highest human development index back to the stone age, riddled with terrorists, including Islamic State, the one who stood back as Islamic State appeared under his nose... this one this time was unable to stop an FBI investigation because it happened behind his back. Trying to get at the truth Print version Font Size Ladies and Gentlemen, this truth will not come out in the next few days. For those with their political knives a-glistening and a-gleaming behind Hillary's back, waiting for some knock-out soundbites from those documents, it is not going to happen. Not because the FBI investigation failed to unveil juicy stuff, but because that juicy stuff will never reach the public domain. ObamaGeddon to the rescue, FBIGate quashed. And while FBIGate is quashed, watch what happens behind the scenes with the electoral system. George Soros is firmly in the Clinton camp, so they say. Does anyone know how many States use electronic voting systems run by George Soros? Does anyone know how easy it is to hack or rig these voting machines? These machines churn out votes. There is no accountability, there is no paper trail, the vote will not be verified. There will be numbers, statistics the day after, rigged. This is American democracy? The collective answer is no, the collective response is we all know this is true, we all know this is happening. Nobody likes Hillary, nobody trusts Hillary. So why vote for her? Investigating FBIGate Now let's see what my friend Nancy O'Brien Simpson turned up. She lives in the United States of America, she is a political commentator and she is a political activist: Secretary Clinton fell for the oldest hack in the book. This hack entails something called the ""Buffer Overflow Exploit"" that involves ""stacking"" a malicious computer virus in an area on your hard drive where virus protection software can't find them. Then it steals the files from the hard drive. A friend of mine who has been on the wrong side of these kinds of situations explained what he has read about how it all went down- Huma and Anthony are sharing a laptop at their home. Huma receives classified information from her boss, Hillary Clinton, in various e-mails and texts. She testified to the F.B.I. that she often emailed classified files over her unsecured Yahoo account in order to print them out at home on the laptop she shared with her husband Antony. When Huma goes to bed, Carlos Danger sneaks out in his pajammies and prowls 4chan all night looking for young teen girls to send them naked photos. One of these photos contains a computer virus that infects the laptop. This virus hides in photographs stored on a computer's hard drive by exploiting a photo's bandwidth. When the recipient receives photos in return, the photos contain information from the computer it has infested. The ironic part is every time Carlos Danger send photos of his ""wiener"" his nasty photos contained ALL the emails his wife received from Hillary as well as the classified documents she printed out.. This means some hackers out there on the net has EVERYTHING Huma brought home.. If the hackers are ""White Hat"" they probably told the F.B.I. to examine every one of Carlos Danger's nasty photos he sent over that laptop. If the hackers are ""Black Hats"" you can bet some foreign government has a lot of classified documents. The Clinton Crime Family will blame the Russians, which is laughable and serious at the same time.. You know they reopened the investigation BEHIND Obama's back because he has blocked the investigation of her at every turn. I heard the rank and file FBI were about to mutiny because they know she is guilty as sin and Comey would not prosecute because she is protected by Obama AND Clinton gave his wife half a million for her political campaign. This might be big, but Obama will stop it to protect her and his globalist masters. I rest my case. Nancy O'Brien Simpson Ms. Simpson was a radio personality in New York. She was a staff writer for The Liberty Report. A PBS documentary was done on her activism for human rights. She is a psychotherapist and political commentator.",1
19801,"Head of Turkish delegation to Russia: ""The Crimean people's choice must be recognized""",Jafe Arnoldski (noreply@blogger.com),"November 25, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


The head of the Turkish Association of Eurasian Governments and confidant of the deputy head of Turkey’s General Security Directorate, Hasan Cengiz, has called for the choice of the Crimean people expressed in the referendum in 2014 to be recognized. 
Cengiz is the head of a delegation of Turkish politicians and business circle representatives that arrived in Simferopol from Moscow on Wednesday evening. The delegation includes 22 people, including a representative of the Turkish president, a participant in meetings between the Russian and Turkish presidents, Ibrahim Ereli, and the vice mayor of Ankara, Ahmet Tunc. 

Cengiz stated during a meeting with Crimean parliamentarians in Simferopol: “Crimea is home to around 2.5 million people. And the will of the people of Crimea led to Crimea reunifying with Russia. A very high percentage of voters in the referendum supported this. The people’s choice must be respected.”  



     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",1
19802,Toxic chemicals found in children’s Halloween makeup – study,RT,"Toxic chemicals found in children’s Halloween makeup – study Published time: 26 Oct, 2016 23:45 Get short URL © Carlo Allegri / Reuters Halloween is supposed to make your skin crawl, but not like this. A new study finds the scariest part of the holiday may not be the costumes, but makeup for kids. Out of 48 makeup palettes, almost half contained toxic heavy metals. 
Nearly 20 percent of makeup palettes contain lead and cadmium, according to the newly published study by the Breast Cancer Fund. The study found that some products contained as many as four metals, including arsenic and chromium. Indiana housing complex to be razed after toxic lead levels detected https://t.co/qZy4gfTmnC pic.twitter.com/5bGsRti1Im — RT America (@RT_America) August 31, 2016 
Nine of the palettes were found to contain lead, a chemical that is unsafe at any level, for children particularly. Parents may have purchased and applied these products to their children unwittingly, as the makeup doesn’t have to list ingredients on their labels. 
The BCF may have been among the first to test the palettes, as the FDA does not regulate this particular product. 
"" The FDA that regulates makeup does not have the power to require pre-market testing ,"" Jen Coleman with the Oregon Environmental Council told KGW. 
The cosmetic safety law enacted 75 years ago does not require testing even for products marketed to children. While the FDA cannot do anything about the problem, they have issued guidelines to avoiding “ a rash, swollen eyelids, or other reaction ” this Halloween. 
The guidelines make no mention of potential heavy metal poisoning, but they do offer advice like “ Follow all directions carefully ,” and “ Don't decorate your face with things that aren't intended for your skin. ” 
What’s a parent to do in the meantime? Other than use all-natural makeup, the best option is to avoid dark pigments. The BCF study found a correlation between the darkness of the color and the lead content. The darker the color, the more lead it was found to contain.",1
19803,,Joseph Olson,&quot;Virginia Roberts Affidavit&quot; a teen diary of Randy Prince Andy and Alan Dirtbag0witz at Orgy Island.  This AD report is consistent with Veterans Today on the ruling Demonic Warlords kiddy diddling ring.  BTW....lawyer for Jeffrey Epstein is Ken Starr....,1
19804,GaiaPortal – Serrated torches cleave the undesired,Madeline,"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",1
19805,Will There Be Riots In America The Day After Donald Trump Wins The Presidency?,Relampago Furioso,"The above photo was snapped in Ferguson as thugs burned the city down. Could we see a repeat of that fateful event and perhaps a worsening of it soon to a city near you?
The election is the focus of every news channel ad nauseum. But few people are focused on the day after the election. No matter who wins this year’s presidential “selection” the possibility of civil unrest the day after election day and beyond is a real possibility. Are you ready for chaos if it develops?
The nation is so divided we are likely to run into problems.
The ugliest scenario for the day after election day plays out if Trump wins. If Trump wins, get ready for Black Lives Matter, the Black Panthers, The Race (La Raza) and other racially motivated anti-white groups to come out and possibly start burning cities down again. After all, they have been given carte blanche all year long to do so in Ferguson, Baltimore, Charlotte, and San Jose . A worrisome precedent has been set.
Of course, Trump won’t be in power the day after election day (we have to wait until Inauguration Day for him to clean up any potential messes) so Barack Hussein Obama is likely to give the racial hate groups the green light once again while the media whips out their collective Stradivarius, plays my heart bleeds for thee, and sympathizes with the devils destroying the nation.
If The Bitch wins conservative groups may clash with leftists over rights being stripped away
If Hillary wins, there’s the real possibility of protests the day after the election, and the social conditioning of whites to be polite and docile even as they’re railroaded in what was formerly their nation may not hold this time around. A Hillary win means the chaos and possibly violence could wait until she starts stripping constitutional rights away. Then, we are likely to see conservatives finally come out and start raising some righteous hell. There could be racially motivated clashes on the horizon as white people standing up for themselves goes against a long-established narrative that they’re all evil racists.
Few people think of the effects civil unrest could have on their livelihood and well-being. It’s time for a little education on just how thinly stretched the American supply chain is, and what could happen with only a short-term disruption in it.
Here’s a scenario – just one of many possible scenarios. Video of rioters stopping and then looting a semi tractor-trailer in Charlotte is worrying because if trucks stop, America stops. If attacks on truckers happen often enough, truckers may decide it’s not worth the risk to their lives to continue moving freight around and stop driving. Within a day, bedlam could ensue as the supply chain runs on a razor’s edge in modern America and everything from food to medication to gasoline starts running out.
Supply Chain Rioters broke into trucks on I-85 and burned cargo in Charlotte
According to the American Trucking Association (ATA) a disruption of 24 to 48 hours means hospitals and nursing homes would run out of food. Fuel supplies at gas stations would also run out in that time frame. Garbage would start to pile up. Most grocery and retail stores would start to run out of food and merchandise. ATM and bank cash supplies would also run out.
The tight rope the corporate system walks quickly breaks when merchandise stops moving.
As an example, the ATA tells us this is what happens during a hurricane. Imagine what would happen with days or weeks of rioting in major cities.
In a hurricane situation, supplies that would normally last a few days, such as water, powdered milk, and canned meat, typically disappear within one day. Given these inventory rates, this means that perishable goods could be depleted in a matter of days and non-perishables in just a few days. Runs on food and non-food staples during hurricanes, and even before big winter storms, provide a good example of how fast some retail inventories can be depleted during panic buying. The same quick depletion of inventories could occur if trucks stopped making deliveries for any reason.
Panic buying means no food on the shelves. When people don’t have food at home and then the grocery store doesn’t have food, rioting will intensify. Things could get ugly in a hurry as one small disruption leads to a domino effect, after which Bedlam ensues.
So, it is best to be prepared with non-perishable items just in case things get out of hand. Have at least several weeks food supply on hand. But, how do you stop people from coming and taking your stash?
Be Armed The police won’t be around to protect you if Bedlam ensues
Contrary to gun propaganda from the media , you absolutely want to be armed in the event the election and its aftermath don’t pass peacefully. What happens when stores no longer have food and gas stations no longer have gas? Gangs form looking for homes that do have those items.
They’re going to pick out the weakest home in the neighborhood and pounce.
A home with guns is a safe home. Just as this YouTube video shows , armed thugs may bust into a house looking for money or food, but they started jumping through plate glass windows and scrambling like cockroaches once the homeowner came out with guns blazing.
Several handguns with extra ammunition are advised. Know how to use them. Be steady with the trigger. And don’t be afraid to use them if looters come to your house.
The police will NOT be there to protect you as they’ll have their hands full with the chaos.
Better To Be Safe Than Sorry The idea of an intact nuclear family may be a trite memory, but protecting your loved ones is still key
With the meltdown of America happening right before our very eyes, we are entering an unstable period in the nation’s history, to say the least. No matter who wins the election the nation we once knew and loved is passing away. Trump may be able to turn things around temporarily, but even if he does the country now has so many immigrants it will be impossible to assimilate them all.
We are entering a period in which America will resemble a third world country more and more. The demographics of the nation are being changed on purpose so white people are diminished at the ballot box and Democrats will gain a lock grip on the levers of power in the nation in the coming years . Divisions between rich and poor will grow, and the evil media will be there stirring the pot with racial, class, and gender division every step of the way . Peace will become a thing of the past as squabbling factions compete with each other for dominance.
In this transition from prosperity to despotism, it is best to be safe than sorry. The day after election day will be telling in that it will set the tone for the next four years. It may be a somewhat peaceful turn towards Communism if The Bitch wins, or it may not be.
But my money is on a steady degradation of civil society in the coming years. Tend your own garden, as I know I will be tending my own. My military friends are already discussing what will happen in SHTF scenario. You should be thinking about it, too.
Read More: Has The Theft Of The 2016 Presidential Election Already Begun? 
",1
19806,"Trump Drops Truth Bombs on Cuba Regime, Policies - Breitbart",Joel B. Pollak,"President Donald Trump offered the most forthright criticism of Cuba since John F. Kennedy when he addressed a crowd in Miami ahead of signing an executive order reversing the Obama administration’s policy of normalization. [In a speech frequently interrupted by applause, and by cameo appearances from   activists, Trump laid out a moral case against the Castro regime and its policies that few previous presidents have dared to make.  “We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer,” Trump said. He laid out his principles and policies, including regime change: “With God’s help, a free Cuba is what we will soon achieve,” he said, to sustained cheers and chants of “  !” He listed some of the human rights abuses of the Castro regime, acknowledging those in the audience who had suffered the “true and brutal nature of the Castro regime   …     many of you witnessed terrible crimes committed in service of a depraved ideology. ” He mentioned activists in Cuba who were prevented from leaving to attend his speech. He saluted exiles and dissidents present, some of whom had suffered decades of imprisonment in Cuba. Trump declared defiantly  —   in a swipe at his predecessor: “Now that I am president, America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in their struggle for freedom. Because we know it is best for America to have freedom in our hemisphere, whether in Cuba or Venezuela, and to have a future where the people of each country can live out their own dreams,” he said. He added: For nearly six decades, the Cuban people have suffered under communist domination. To this day, Cuba is ruled by the same people who killed tens of thousands of their own citizens, who sought to spread their repressive and failed ideology throughout our hemisphere, and who once tried to host enemy nuclear weapons ninety miles from our shores. The Castro regime has shipped arms to North Korea, and fueled chaos in Venezuela. While imprisoning innocents, it has harbored cop killers, hijackers, and terrorists. It has supported human trafficking, forced labor, and exploitation all around the globe. This is the simple truth of the Castro regime. My administration will not hide from it, excuse it, or glamorize it. And we will never, ever be blind to it. We know what’s going on, and we remember what happened. And he declared: The previous administration’s easing of restrictions on travel and trade does not help the Cuban people. They only enrich the Cuban regime. The profits from investment and tourism flow directly to the [Cuban] military. The regime takes the money and owns the industry. The outcome of [the] last administration’s executive action has been only more repression, and a move to crush the peaceful, democratic movement. He later laid out conditions for a new agreement to improve relations, including dramatic improvements in Cuba’s human rights policies, the holding of free elections supervised by international observers, and the “return of the cop killer, Joanne Chesimard. ” (The latter is known as “Assata Shakur” and is still lionized by the American left.) It was all too much for at least one Obama administration adviser. As Trump spoke, former Obama White House official Ben Rhodes, one of the main architects of normalization with Cuba, tweeted furiously in opposition. He declared: “Trump doesn’t care about the human rights of the Cuban people and his policies will do nothing to help them. ” Rhodes also challenged the   in the audience: “The few people in Miami enabling Trump in carrying out this charade should be   held accountable. He could care less about Cubans,” he tweeted. “It’s tragic that some people in Fla are so determined to cling to a failed hardline on Cuba that they’re hitching themselves to Donald Trump,” he later added. Trump left the door open to diplomacy, stating that his new policy will maintain the U. S. embassy in Havana: “Our embassy [in Cuba] remains open in the hope that our countries can forge a stronger and much better path,” he said. “We will respect Cuban sovereignty, but we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people,” he later added. Trump left no doubt that relations would henceforth have to be based on a foundation of truth  —   not lenience toward a regime that secured   concessions from the Obama administration without any domestic political change. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19807,"USA Today Sports Writer Bashes Tom Brady, Praises Colin Kaepernick - Breitbart",Robert J. Marlow,"Nancy Armour, writing at USA Today, believes Tom Brady has a lot of explaining to do this Super Bowl week for his friendship with President Donald Trump. Moreover, in the same article, she praises Colin Kaepernick for being “eloquent” in his criticism of law enforcement in America. [The San Francisco 49ers quarterback, who refused to stand for the Star Spangled Banner this season and wore socks with pigs dressed in police uniforms, is “eloquent in detailing his concerns over police brutality in minority communities. He’s sparked conversations and reflection in NFL locker rooms and beyond,” states Armour. “Kaepernick has been open, available and consistent with his opinion. ”   As she trashes the 45th president of the United States, Armour seems surprised when Kaepernick is “portrayed as     and  . ” The writer empathizes with the beleaguered QB because after all, he denies those charges. “He’s had insults, slurs and worse directed at him. He was blamed for the drop in TV ratings early in the season,” Armour laments. And to the author, perhaps the worst insult you could possibly levy on Kaepernick is that “One person last week even tried to say Trump’s election was partly the result of Kaepernick’s protests. ” Of course, as far as Brady is concerned he deserves some tough questioning for his friendship with the president. “Trump’s campaign was steeped in racism, bigotry, and misogyny, and he has doubled down on his hatred in his first week as president. It’s left Americans across the country angry and frightened, fearful that the ideals that have made this country exceptional for more than 200 years are being abandoned,” Armour opines.  Brady describes his relationship with Trump as a long time friendship. He also had the audacity to have a “Make America Great Again” hat in his locker. For Armour that makes the Patriot’s star in support of racism and misogyny, that is unless he can unfriend Trump, Armour leads us to believe.  But, Brady said about the president that, “if you know someone, it doesn’t mean that you agree with everything that they say or do. Right?” “There’s things I don’t believe [in] absolutely. I don’t believe in, you know, there’s a lot of things,” Brady continued. “Not to denounce anything, it’s just that there are different things that I feel like, you know   …     I don’t agree with everything. That’s fine, right?” Nope. That’s not good enough for Armour. Brady must be interrogated this week about Trump. And if he doesn’t know how to open himself to the media then all he needs to do is call on Colin. Because, “If Brady needs an example of how that’s done, he can look at Kaepernick,” Armour informs us. ",0
19808,"Black Agenda Radio for Week of Nov. 7, 2016",Nellie Bailey and Glen Ford,"News, information and analysis from the black left. Black Agenda Radio for Week of Nov. 7, 2016 Submitted by Nellie Bailey a... on Mon, 11/07/2016 - 19:35 Venezuela Hi-Tech Production in the Service of Humanity in Mississippi 
Renaissance Jackson, the organization that briefly won the mayor’s office in predominantly Black Jackson, Mississippi, has launched a campaign to purchase a coding and programming capacity and a 3-D fabrication facility. They call it “Fab Lab.” This technology, “if it is democratically controlled, could actually serve humanity,” said Cooperation Jackson spokesman Kali Akuno . These kinds of projects are crucial, “first and foremost, to satisfy some of the basic needs of our community, and -- on a deeper level -- to really put this means of production directly in our community’s hands.” High tech is “one of these areas of the so-called ‘digital divide’ that Black people have been sorely and strategically absent from,” said Akuno. “So, we are doing it for ourselves.” Obamacare “Imploding and Beyond Repair” 
The current wave of insurance rate hikes and medical service cutbacks is the predictable result of an Affordable Care Act (ACA) that “was pretty much a gift to the health insurance industry” when Congress passed it, in 2010, said Dr. John Geyman , professor emeritus of family medicine at the University of Washington School of Medicine, in Seattle. ACA “was never designed for affordability -- it’s a misnomer in the name of the bill,” he said. Obamacare is “imploding and beyond repair,” and unsustainable. “Tweeks cannot work in the long term. The main fight should be for what will save money and give universal coverage to everyone: namely, single payer national health insurance.” Dr. Geyman said single payer healthcare could save $500 billion a year -- about the same as the entire U.S. “defense” budget. The Fight for Education for Liberation in Detroit 
At a “Community Conversation on the Crisis in the Schools,” Detroit activists, educators and parents gathered to address the question: “Who Created the School Crisis, and How are We Responding to it?” Among those wrestling with the issue was Dr. Thomas Pedroni , professor of Curriculum Studies at Wayne State University. He said the decline began with the state takeover of schools in the 1990s, and worsened dramatically after the imposition of state-appointed “emergency managers.” “School could be one of the most meaningful places for our communities, but instead, it’s deadened,” Dr. Pedroni told the crowd at the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History. “But, we’re going to fight to get back to the place where we have culturally relevant curriculum, not just producing a test score but to develop people who are self-empowered and who know how to fight for their community.” Venezuela Weathering Financial Storm, Despite Disinformation Campaign 
“I challenge you to find one item of news that is positive to Venezuela in these last 16 or 17 years,” said Maria Paez Victor , a Venezuelan-born sociologist living in Toronto, Canada, and author of an article titled “Hating Venezuela.” Ms. Victor said the United States and its rightwing allies in Venezuela have kept up a non-stop disinformation campaign ever since the late Hugo Chavez and his Socialist Party were democratically elected in 1998. A crisis triggered by the collapse of world oil prices allowed the opposition to capture the legislature, last year, but Victor says the government is coping. “Venezuela has managed to weather a terrible financial situation, but this is bad news for corporate capitalism and for the United States, because they want Venezuela to be controlled by their lackies.” Black Agenda Radio on the Progressive Radio Network is hosted by Glen Ford and Nellie Bailey. A new edition of the program airs every Monday at 11:00am ET on PRN. Length: one hour.",1
19809,Islamic State Targeting Spanish Coastal Resort Towns,Chris Tomlinson,"The Spanish government has released a new report claiming members of Islamic State could be targeting coastal resort towns to carry out   massacres of tourists. [The coastal resort towns of Spain are popular with British, German, and other tourists across Europe and may be under threat according to the Spanish government. The government’s National Security report states Islamic State has increased its recruiting efforts in Spain and has started publishing more propaganda in Spanish leading to the increased warning over possible future attacks, De Telegraaf reports.  The report highlights several factors including cyber security and claim that the terror group will likely launch more cyber attacks in the near future that would target critical infrastructure in the country. In 2016, there were  21, 000 incidents of cyber attacks  —   up 15 per cent from 2015. Of those around 3. 6 per cent were considered to be serious security threats. The terror group is also said to have launched a campaign last summer to procure more Spanish translators to help spread their jihadist propaganda on social media. The increase in Spanish propaganda “implies an increase of the risk of its influence on the radicals installed in our country,” the report notes. While no specific geographical targets have been named by the terror group, the report notes an attack would put the civil aviation sector at risk due to the possible effect on the global economy. Spain has maintained a high alert status across the entire country and is presently at threat level 4. This means authorities believe there is a potential attack risk, though no official or specific plans have been discovered. In 2016, the government carried out 36 police operations which led to the arrest of 69 people who are alleged to have connections to terrorist groups. Also mentioned was the increased migration of African migrants into Spain’s North African enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla. Over the past year, both areas have seen migrants break through or climb over the large border fences in an effort to claim asylum in the European Union (EU). In one instance earlier this year, over a thousand migrants stormed Ceuta in one day. Last month in the enclave, two people were arrested by police accused of having connections to Islamic State. The Interior Ministry did not give out the identities of those arrested but did note that many of the 180 arrests of individuals linked to the terror group over the last two years occurred in Ceuta.",0
19810,Going Green: Marijuana Wins Big During Election,Jenna Leigh Richardson,"As the Republican party claimed multiple historic wins during Tuesday’s election, so did the controversial drug marijuana.
While many Americans and law enforcement agencies remain opposed to legalization of cannabis for various reasons, voters in multiple states passed ballot measures bringing pot closer to national acceptance.
Here is the breakdown:
Arkansas 
-Issue 6 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
California 
-Proposition 64 passed by a wide margin and legalized the recreational use of marijuana. California previously allowed the use of medicinal marijuana.
Florida 
– Amendment 2 passed legalizing ‘physician-prescribed’ marijuana.
Massachusetts 
– Question 4 passed legalizing both medicinal marijuana and recreational marijuana for those at least 21 years of age.
Montana 
– Initiative 182 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
Nevada 
– Question 2 passed legalizing the recreational use of marijuana ( one ounce or less ) by adults 21 and over.
North Dakota 
– Measure 5 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
Currently, Question 1 in Maine has yet to be determined, it stands to legalize, regulate, and tax marijuana as an agricultural product.
Arizona’s Proposition 205 failed and stood to legalize marijuana for individuals older than 21 years of age.
Source: Ballotpedia 
Thoughts on these results? Let us know in the comment section below.
",1
19811,,curriec,"The statistic that Obamacare plan premiums are increasing by an average of 25% is misleading, because a large portion of those increased rates get at least partially paid for relatively poor customers by the US Government through the provisions of Obamacare. If it weren't for Obamacare, those customers would not be able to afford healthcare insurance at all, and most of our commercial healthcare insurance companies would be raising their premiums even fast than that as was the case prior to the enactment of Obamacare.",1
19812,"Hollywood, Media Mercilessly Mock Kellyanne Conway’s Trump Inauguration Outfit",Jerome Hudson,"Media and Hollywood elites were among the many who mocked incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway, over the outfit she wore for President Trump’s inauguration on Friday. [What Conway told NBC News was her “Trump revolutionary wear” is actually a red, white, and blue Gucci coat. Conway wore the $3, 600 coat with a bright red hat and red gloves.  It didn’t take long for the internet to notice Conway’s outfit, and she was mercilessly mocked. Below is a sampling of some of the sexist insults hurled at Trump’s incoming senior strategist, many of them from the very media tasked to cover the Trump White House. The Daily Show Twitter: Kellyanne Conway dressed as the era Trump wants to take America back to. #InaugurationDay pic. twitter.   —   The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) January 20, 2017,    blog Jezebel: Haha what the fuck is Kellyanne Conway wearing #inauguration2017 https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Jezebel (@Jezebel) January 20, 2017,  The Huffington Post Lifestyle: Kellyanne Conway really loves America. Just ask her outfit. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   HuffPost Lifestyle (@HPLifestyle) January 20, 2017,  The Hollywood   offshoot   : Kellyanne Conway dresses like court jester for #TrumpInauguration: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —      (@pretareporter) January 20, 2017,  NBC, Today Show reporter Ronan Farrow: My aesthetic is Kellyanne Conway revolutionary war cosplay. pic. twitter.   —   Ronan Farrow (@RonanFarrow) January 20, 2017,  Staff writer for The Hollywood Reporter Ryan Parker: pic. twitter.   —   Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) January 20, 2017,  Managing Editor, Video for Mic Slade Sohmer: ♫ Guns. And ships. And so the balance shifts. ♫ pic. twitter.   —   Slade Sohmer (@Slade) January 20, 2017,  New York Time SundayStyles reporter Katie Rosman: Because I can’t stop tweeting about Kellyanne Conway’s awful $3500 Gucci coat: please salute the Homewood, Alabama HS drum major team! pic. twitter.   —   katie rosman (@katierosman) January 20, 2017,  Assignment Editor for New York Daily News Joseph Barracato: Ready, Set, Inaugurate! @KellyannePolls wears     ‘Trump Revolutionary Wear’ coat to inauguration https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Joseph Barracato (@JoeBarracato) January 20, 2017,  Columnist, Opinion Producer, CBC Robyn Urback: For inauguration day, Kellyanne Conway debuts the uniform of the new Trump guard pic. twitter.   —   Robyn Urback (@RobynUrback) January 20, 2017,  The Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller: Can’t believe Steve Bannon didn’t wear a matching outfit with Kellyanne Conway. pic. twitter.   —   Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) January 20, 2017,  NFL Draft analysts Tyler Brooke: Why does Kellyanne Conway look like the old New England Patriots logo? pic. twitter.   —   Tyler Brooke (@TylerDBrooke) January 20, 2017,  Late Night With Seth Meyers writer Dina Gusovsky: Here’s Kellyanne Conway fresh from defeating the Hessians at the battle of Trenton CC: @jeffkbell pic. twitter.   —   Dina Gusovsky (@DinaGusovsky) January 20, 2017, ",0
19813,"Europe on eve of banking ARMAGEDDON which will dwarf 2008 global crash, warns expert – how does this affect YOU?",admin,"By SIOBHAN MCFADYEN 
And analysts say the potential for a cataclysmic failure could spread like a wild-fire hitting the continent and beyond as the true extent of deep troubles in the international banking sector are revealed. 
The IMF and German governments have refused to step in to prop-up struggling banks but risk analysts are warning Deutsche Bank, RBS, Lloyds, Unicredit, Intesa SanPaolo, and BMPS could all need a state bail out. 
And it’s going to be a wake up call for the whole of Europe say experts who fear the reports are not going to be good for anyone. With alarming simliarities to the 2008 global financial crash, the latest results could spell disaster not only for the wealthy bankers paid to operate the system but for ordinary savers.
New York based David Hendler of Viola Risk Advisors says the next two days could have serious ramifications for the entire globe. 
He said: “Like autumn leaves falling from the mighty oaks, the incredible yellows, oranges, and reds, will turn and rot into the ugly browns and black detritus, leading to smelly and then crumbled leaves. Deutsche Bank’s debt could affect the rest of the European banks “Once a mighty European bank, unfortunately, Deutsche Bank is going down that “death-spiral” path and much of the big European banks are too whether due to their own transgression or sucked 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",1
19814,Medical Examiner: Chris Cornell Committed Suicide By Hanging,Jerome Hudson,"Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell committed suicide Wednesday night in his Detroit hotel room by hanging himself, a medical examiner has confirmed. [“The cause of death has been determined as hanging by suicide. A full autopsy report has not yet been completed. There is no additional information at this time,” the Wayne County Medical Examiner’s Office announced Thursday afternoon.  Cornell’s representative Brian Bumbery told the Associated Press that the singer was found in his hotel room at the MGM Grand Detroit hours after his performance Wednesday at the city’s Fox Theatre. Cornell had been touring with the reunited Soundgarden, the band he fronted for 30 years. Rock legends including Elton John, Steven Tyler, Neil Roger, Billy Idol, and more mourned the late singer on social media Wednesday. Shocked and saddened by the sudden death of @chriscornell. A great singer, songwriter and the loveliest man. pic. twitter.   —   Elton John (@eltonofficial) May 18, 2017,  THERE’S A NEW STAR IN THE HEAVENS TONIGHT  …    THAT WILL SHINE FOREVER FROM THE MEMORY OF YOUR  …     https:  .   —   Steven Tyler (@IamStevenT) May 18, 2017,  A mutual friend called me and tells me my bro passed away. #RIPChrisCornell You are a great artist Love to Vicki and fam @nilerodgers pic. twitter.   —   Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) May 18, 2017,  x https:  .   —   Coldplay (@coldplay) May 18, 2017,  Very sad news about Chris Cornell today. A sad loss of a great talent to the world, his friends and family. Rest In Peace. pic. twitter.   —   Joe Perry (@JoePerry) May 18, 2017,  SO SO stunned to hear about Chris Cornell! Such a terrible and sad loss! Thinking of his family tonight! RIP,  —   Dave Navarro (@DaveNavarro) May 18, 2017,  RIP Chris CornellIncredibly TalentedIncredibly YoungIncredibly Missed. pic. twitter.   —   Jimmy Page (@JimmyPage) May 18, 2017,  Sad 2 hear of Chris Cornell passing. .great singer and artist  …               another blow  …    RIP,  —   Billy Idol (@BillyIdol) May 18, 2017,  Cornell also put out four solo studio records and a live record and went viral with a cover of Prince’s Nothing Compares 2 U, that has been played nearly 8 million times.  Footage of the singer’s final gig surfaced on Youtube on Thursday morning, amid news of his passing.    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
19815,Trump Considering ’Explosive’ Executive Order on Unfair Trade,John Carney,"The Trump administration is working on an executive order that could be much broader than the   dumping measures reported earlier, according to Axios. [Last week, the New York Times reported that President Donald Trump would sign an executive order targeting Chinese dumping into the U. S. soon after the conclusion of China President Xi Jinping state visit in Florida. Under the Obama administration, a preliminary study by the Commerce Department found that China was dumping steel into the U. S. at below market prices.  Back in September, the U. S. International Trade Commission affirmed a decision to impose   and   duties on certain steel imports from Australia, Brazil, Britain, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea and Turkey. The Trump administration recently launched a   investigation into the massive and persistent trade deficits the U. S. runs with   “trading partnets” and the unfair trading policies that may be causing them. Axios describes the potential for an executive order with broader trade sanctions as “explosive,” although it reports that while the plans are “very fluid” and there are internal disagreements about how aggressive the order will be, it likely won’t be confined to steel. Axios report Jonathan Swan says White House sources have told him: A White House official told Breitbart News that it is likely any executive order to emerge prior to the investigation into trade deficits is completed would be narrowly tailored to commodities and metals such as steel and aluminum and wouldn’t include broader manufactured goods such as appliances.",0
19816,Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Struggle to Be Unifying Voice for Nation - The New York Times,Patrick Healy,"No moment in the 2016 presidential campaign has cried out more for a unifying candidate than the police shootings of two black men last week and the ensuing national uproar, followed by the shocking sniper ambush that killed five police officers in Dallas. And no other moment has revealed more starkly how hard it is for Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton to become that candidate. Never have two presidential nominees been as unpopular as Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton, and they are not fully trusted by their own parties nor showing significant crossover appeal in the polls. Mr. Trump, the   champion of law and order, is also the political figure many people blame for sowing division and hatred with his attacks on illegal immigrants, Muslims, Mexicans and others. Rather than defuse tension, he electrifies crowds and vanquishes rivals through provocations that he delights in calling politically incorrect. Of the two, Mrs. Clinton would seem more able, and driven, to try to bring the country together. She has a large following among black voters and speaks ardently about the need for “respect” and “love and kindness. ” After Dallas, she called on “white people to understand how   feel every day. ” Yet many on the right and some on the left dislike her intensely, and even her admirers say she lacks the public emotion, oratorical skills and reputation for honesty to persuade large numbers of Americans to see things her way. The need for a reassuring and healing voice has come at a particularly bad time for the two presumptive presidential nominees. For many Americans, Mrs. Clinton’s credibility was further damaged last week as the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, sharply criticized her for being “extremely careless” about her use of private email as secretary of state. At the same time, Mr. Trump alienated many voters with his mixed comments about Saddam Hussein and his defensiveness over a Twitter post that many people regarded as  . “Trump is 100 percent saying the right things about police and respecting authority, but then he says these other comments that are too weird for voters to ignore,” said Fred L. DeLuca, a Trump supporter and former police officer who owns a graphic supply store in Youngstown, Ohio. “And Hillary  —   I don’t trust what she says about law enforcement, not at all. ” Traumatic events have at times become opportunities for presidential candidates to step up and grow in the eyes of the American public, such as when Bill Clinton went to Los Angeles in 1992 in the aftermath of the riots there, or when Barack Obama pushed for aggressive, bipartisan action from the federal government to stem the banking crisis and protect taxpayers. Mr. Clinton’s   image and empathic personality appealed across party lines, as did Mr. Obama’s historic candidacy. And in moments of national crisis, presidents have shown ability to unify the country, if fleetingly, like George W. Bush did after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. These candidates did not have to sell themselves to voters against such an intense combination of terrorism, mass shootings, police and gun violence, social unease and   fear. Still, the current run of crises has, in the view of many Democrats and Republicans, served only to spotlight the shortcomings of both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton. “The sense of alienation and estrangement is so great today that it’s hard to unite people, and these candidates haven’t done it,” said the Rev. Jesse Jackson, a Clinton backer. The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin compared the current political climate to the Civil War era and recalled Lincoln’s “House Divided” speech, during his 1858 Senate campaign, in which he analyzed the deep divisions between the North and the South and predicted that the country would become more united  —   but first slavery had to be eliminated or made the law of the land. She said Lincoln proved to be a president who would go to war to unify the country, and credited President Lyndon B. Johnson and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. with mobilizing forces around the country and in Congress in the 1960s to pass civil rights legislation that  —   while highly divisive  —   also brought greater equality for Americans. “If Trump was a more disciplined, focused candidate, this could be his moment to win over Americans because the desire for a strong leader is great in moments of turbulence,” she said. “But look at his record. After ‘Brexit,’ he talked about the weak currency helping his golf course. After the Orlando shootings, it was, ‘I told you so.’ After the F. B. I. report on Hillary, he couldn’t focus on that. Voters want candidates to show we can trust them, and both candidates have this problem. ” In several recent polls, roughly   of Americans said that Mrs. Clinton was not honest and trustworthy Mr. Trump drew similar numbers on the question. These polls were conducted before the F. B. I. director rebuked Mrs. Clinton over her private email and handling of classified material. Mr. Trump, whose poll ratings grew after his forceful responses to terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif. tried to sound similarly resolute on Friday evening, saying in a video that law enforcement was “the force between civilization and total chaos. ” And, he said, “Now is the time for prayers, love, unity and leadership. ” These remarks were relatively restrained for him, and his advisers hope that he can build on his image as a powerful,   executive and attempt to unify voters. He is the choice of most voters who say they are particularly interested in electing a strong leader  —   a little over   of the electorate, according to a recent Bloomberg Politics survey. A Gallup poll conducted in May showed that six in 10 Americans consider him a strong and decisive leader. Vernita Blocker, a retired social work administrator from Lindenwold, N. J. supports Mrs. Clinton but said she worried that Mr. Trump might be better suited to capitalize on Americans’ concerns about fraying social order. “The more people are afraid, the more it plays into Trump’s hands because they will want a   president,” Ms. Blocker said. “Hillary has to find more ways to persuade people that she could really unite the country despite all the people who don’t like her. ” Yet Mr. Trump is still having trouble uniting his own party, while Mrs. Clinton appears further along with Democrats. The conventions this month will be huge opportunities for the nominees to galvanize the faithful, but also a chance to reach out to the other side with traditionally positive speeches about their hopes for the country. On policy, Mrs. Clinton is also eager to find common ground on gun control and criminal justice reform  —   issues that resonate with many voters at a time of seemingly endless violence. While new gun laws are opposed by many on the right, she wants Americans to at least talk about finding solutions  —   if not uniting behind them. “I think ‘unity’ is the wrong goal, and what we need can’t be achieved by lofty oratory alone,” said Wendy L. Wall, an associate professor of history at Binghamton University. “Often in our past, unity has meant burying disagreements rather than solving common problems. What we need now is someone who can work across differences, not erase them. ” “I think there is no way Trump could do this,” she added. “I think the jury is still out on Clinton. ”",0
19817,"Police Punched, Kicked While on Routine Patrol in Migrant-Dominated Suburb - Breitbart",Virginia Hale,"Police officers were punched, kicked, and attacked with glass bottles in Stockholm on Friday night while on patrol in Rinkeby. [Officers on patrol in the   suburb were conducting a routine check on a person when they were attacked by a mob of between 20 and 30 people, according to Stockholm police spokesman Eva Nilsson.  She said: “The fight started when police conducted the check, and all at once a group of people ran out from a place nearby, maybe a restaurant or whatever it was. Exactly how many people were involved is difficult to say, but the officers who were attacked felt that it was between 20 and 30. ” A statement on the police website says that officers were “punched and kicked in an attack by a large group of people” and reports that the mob “also threw glass bottles at the patrol”. Three officers were sent to hospital for their injuries. Ms. Nilsson said that while the area is known to have suffered unrest of late, with residents protesting the high crime rate, Friday’s   attack was out of the ordinary. She told Expressen: “It is absolutely unacceptable that this happened during normal service. “Of course, it’s a serious thing when police officers who are just acting in their official capacity are attacked in this way. It is a reality which, unfortunately, exists as something which happens now and again for colleagues who work there. ” Expressen reports that three people, all of whom were born in the 1990s, have been arrested in connection with the attack on suspicion of rioting, assaulting police, and violently resisting arrest. Police in western Stockholm are investigating further into the matter. Though the Swedish Embassy in Hungary denied the existence of ‘  areas’ in Sweden, police last year admitted having lost control in 55 areas where they have great difficulty in attempting to enforce the law. A report released in September revealed the extent of the crisis in police confidence. Due to the dangers police face in the field amidst increasing levels of criminality, 80 per cent of officers are considering a change in career.",0
19818,The path to total Dictatorship: America’s Shadow Government and its silent coup,John W. Whitehead,"The path to total Dictatorship: America’s Shadow Government and its silent coup Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law By John W. Whitehead - October 27, 2016 “Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means, unseen and unheard by Congress, the President, or the people . Outwardly we have a Constitutional government. We have operating within our government and political system … a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state…. The important point to remember about this group is not its ideology but its organization… It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government…. This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable.”— Senator William Jenner, 1954 speech 
Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law. 
Say hello to America’s shadow government. 
A corporatized, militarized, entrenched bureaucracy that is fully operational and staffed by unelected officials who are, in essence, running the country, this shadow government represents the hidden face of a government that has no respect for the freedom of its citizenry. 
No matter which candidate wins the presidential election, this shadow government is here to stay. Indeed, as recent documents by the FBI reveal, this shadow government— also referred to as “The 7th Floor Group” —may well have played a part in who will win the White House this year. 
To be precise, however, the future president will actually inherit not one but two shadow governments. 
The first shadow government, referred to as COG or Continuity of Government, is made up of unelected individuals who have been appointed to run the government in the event of a “catastrophe.” COG is a phantom menace waiting for the right circumstances—a terrorist attack, a natural disaster, an economic meltdown—to bring it out of the shadows, where it operates even now. When and if COG takes over, the police state will transition to martial law. 
Yet it is the second shadow government —also referred to as the Deep State—that poses the greater threat to freedom right now. Comprised of unelected government bureaucrats, corporations, contractors, paper-pushers, and button-pushers who are actually calling the shots behind the scenes, this government within a government is the real reason “we the people” have no real control over our government. 
The Deep State, which “ operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power ,” makes a mockery of elections and the entire concept of a representative government. 
So who or what is the Deep State? 
It’s the militarized police, which have joined forces with state and federal   in order to establish themselves as a standing army. It’s the fusion centers and spy agencies that have created a surveillance state and turned all of us into suspects. It’s the courthouses and prisons that have allowed corporate profits to take precedence over due process and justice. It’s the military empire with its private contractors and defense industry that is bankrupting the nation. It’s the private sector with its 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances, “a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government.” It’s what former congressional staffer Mike Lofgren refers to as “ a hybrid of national security and   ”: the Department of Defense, the State Department, Homeland Security, the CIA, the Justice Department, the Treasury, the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a handful of vital federal trial courts, and members of the defense and intelligence committees. 
It’s every facet of a government that is no longer friendly to freedom and is working overtime to trample the Constitution underfoot and render the citizenry powerless in the face of the government’s power grabs, corruption and abusive tactics. 
These are the key players that drive the shadow government. 
This is the hidden face of the American police state that will continue long past Election Day. 
Just consider some of the key programs and policies advanced by the shadow government that will continue no matter who occupies the Oval Office. 
Domestic surveillance. No matter who wins the presidential popularity contest, the National Security Agency (NSA), with its $10.8 billion black ops annual budget, will continue to spy on every person in the United States who uses a computer or phone. Thus, on any given day, whether you’re walking through a store, driving your car, checking email, or talking to friends and family on the phone, you can be sure that some government agency, whether the NSA or some other entity, is listening in and tracking your behavior. Local police have been outfitted with a litany of surveillance gear, from license plate readers and cell phone tracking devices to biometric data recorders. Technology now makes it possible for the police to scan passersby in order to detect the contents of their pockets, purses, briefcases, etc. Full-body scanners, which perform virtual strip-searches of Americans traveling by plane, have gone mobile, with roving police vans that peer into vehicles and buildings alike—including homes. Coupled with the nation’s growing network of real-time surveillance cameras and facial recognition software, soon there really will be nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. 
Global spying. The NSA’s massive surveillance network, what the Washington Post refers to as a $500 billion “ espionage empire ,” will continue to span the globe and target every single person on the planet who uses a phone or a computer. The NSA’s Echelon program intercepts and analyzes virtually every phone call, fax and email message sent anywhere in the world. In addition to carrying out domestic surveillance on peaceful political groups such as Amnesty International, Greenpeace and several religious groups, Echelon has also been a keystone in the government’s attempts at political and corporate espionage . 
Roving TSA searches. The American taxpayer will continue to get ripped off by government agencies in the dubious name of national security. One of the greatest culprits when it comes to swindling taxpayers has been the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), with its questionable deployment of and complete mismanagement of millions of dollars’ worth of airport full-body X-ray scanners, punitive patdowns by TSA agents and thefts of travelers’ valuables. Considered essential to national security, TSA programs will continue in airports and at transportation hubs around the country. 
USA Patriot Act, NDAA. America’s so-called war on terror, which it has relentlessly pursued since 9/11, will continue to chip away at our freedoms, unravel our Constitution and transform our nation into a battlefield, thanks in large part to such subversive legislation as the USA Patriot Act and National Defense Authorization Act. These laws completely circumvent the rule of law and the rights of American citizens. In so doing, they re-orient our legal landscape in such a way as to ensure that martial law, rather than the U.S. Constitution, is the map by which we navigate life in the United States. These laws will continue to be enforced no matter who gets elected. 
Militarized police state. Thanks to federal grant programs allowing the Pentagon to transfer surplus military supplies and weapons to local   without charge, police forces will continue to be transformed from peace officers into heavily armed extensions of the military, complete with jackboots, helmets, shields, batons, pepper-spray, stun guns, assault rifles, body armor, miniature tanks and weaponized drones. Having been given the green light to probe, poke, pinch, taser, search, seize, strip and generally manhandle anyone they see fit in almost any circumstance, all with the general blessing of the courts, America’s law enforcement officials, no longer mere servants of the people entrusted with keeping the peace, will continue to keep the masses corralled, controlled, and treated like suspects and enemies rather than citizens. 
SWAT team raids. With more than 80,000 SWAT team raids carried out every year on unsuspecting Americans by local police for relatively routine police matters and federal agencies laying claim to their own law enforcement divisions, the incidence of botched raids and related casualties will continue to rise. Nationwide, SWAT teams will continue to be employed to address an astonishingly trivial array of criminal activity or mere community nuisances including angry dogs, domestic disputes, improper paperwork filed by an orchid farmer, and misdemeanor marijuana possession. 
Domestic drones. The domestic use of drones will continue unabated. As mandated by Congress, there will be 30,000 drones crisscrossing the skies of America by 2020, all part of an industry that could be worth as much as $30 billion per year. These machines, which will be equipped with weapons, will be able to record all activities, using video feeds, heat sensors and radar. An Inspector General report revealed that the Dept. of Justice has already spent nearly $4 million on drones domestically, largely for use by the FBI , with grants for another $1.26 million so police departments and nonprofits can acquire their own drones. 
School-to-prison pipeline. The paradigm of abject compliance to the state will continue to be taught by example in the schools, through school lockdowns where police and drug-sniffing dogs enter the classroom, and zero tolerance policies that punish all offenses equally and result in young people being expelled for childish behavior. School districts will continue to team up with law enforcement to create a “schoolhouse to jailhouse track” by imposing a “double dose” of punishment: suspension or expulsion from school, accompanied by an arrest by the police and a trip to juvenile court. 
Overcriminalization. The government bureaucracy will continue to churn out laws, statutes, codes and regulations that reinforce its powers and value systems and those of the police state and its corporate allies, rendering the rest of us petty criminals. The average American now unknowingly commits three felonies a day, thanks to this overabundance of vague laws that render otherwise innocent activity illegal. Consequently, small farmers who dare to make unpasteurized goat cheese and share it with members of their community will continue to have their farms raided. 
Privatized Prisons. States will continue to outsource prisons to private corporations, resulting in a cash cow whereby mega-corporations imprison Americans in private prisons in order to make a profit. In exchange for corporations buying and managing public prisons across the country at a supposed savings to the states, the states have to agree to maintain a 90% occupancy rate in the privately run prisons for at least 20 years. 
Endless wars. America’s expanding military empire will continue to bleed the country dry at a rate of more than $15 billion a month (or $20 million an hour). The Pentagon spends more on war than all 50 states combined spend on health, education, welfare, and safety. Yet what most Americans fail to recognize is that these ongoing wars have little to do with keeping the country safe and everything to do with enriching the military industrial complex at taxpayer expense. 
Are you getting the message yet? 
The next president, much like the current president and his predecessors, will be little more than a figurehead, a puppet to entertain and distract the populace from what’s really going on. 
As Lofgren reveals, this state within a state, “concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue ,” is a “hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose.” 
The Deep State not only holds the nation’s capital in thrall, but it also controls Wall Street (“which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater”) and Silicon Valley. 
This is fascism in its most covert form, hiding behind public agencies and private companies to carry out its dirty deeds. 
It is a marriage between government bureaucrats and corporate fat cats. 
As Lofgren concludes: 
[T]he Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change … If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda. 
In other words, as I point out in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , as long as government officials—elected and unelected alike—are allowed to operate beyond the reach of the Constitution, the courts and the citizenry, the threat to our freedoms remains undiminished. 
So the next time you find yourselves despondent over the 2016 presidential candidates, remember that it’s just a puppet show intended to distract you from the silent coup being carried out by America’s shadow government.",1
19819,Delta Air Lines Bans Disruptive Donald Trump Supporter for Life - The New York Times,Christine Hauser,"Delta Air Lines has banned a disruptive passenger who shouted   Trump and   Clinton remarks at fellow passengers on a flight from Atlanta to Allentown, Pa. last week, the airline’s chief executive said on Monday. The chief executive, Edward H. Bastian, said in a memo published on Delta’s website that other travelers on the flight Nov. 22 would receive refunds for their tickets. “This individual displayed behavior that was loud, rude and disrespectful to his fellow customers,” Mr. Bastian said in the statement. He added, “We must require civility on our planes and in our facilities. ” The decision by Delta came after the airline received criticism on social media for its initial response to the episode, which a passenger identified as Emma Baum videotaped and released online and to news organizations. Ms. Baum was quoted by The Morning Call on Nov. 26 as saying that she had first noticed the man, who was not identified, shouting   slogans in the terminal while waiting to board Flight 248. The man ended up sitting next to her, and she told him she had been out of the country and asked him about the election, she said. Ms. Baum told The Morning Call that as the man became animated, jumping out of his seat, she began recording him with her cellphone. In the video, the man is seen clapping his hands and shouting at other passengers. He says in part: “Donald Trump, baby! We got some Hillary bitches on here?” The man also yelled: “Donald Trump! It’s your president. Every goddamn one of you. If you don’t like it, too bad. ” A Daily Beast writer was also provided with a copy of the video. Ms. Baum said the man was briefly removed from the plane and then allowed back on the flight before it took off. She said she reported him to the authorities when the plane landed. After the video was posted online, Delta Air Lines issued a  statement on Nov. 26, apologizing to customers for the disruption and saying, “We have followed up with the teams involved and all agree that this customer should not have been allowed to continue on the flight. ” Mr. Bastian said in the statement on Monday: “After questioning the customer, our team members made the best decision they could given the information they had and allowed him to remain on the flight. ” He added, “If our colleagues had witnessed firsthand what was shown in the video, there is no question they would have removed him from the aircraft. He will never again be allowed on a Delta plane. ” The video was shared widely online, with many commentators noting that the man, who is white, was not ejected from the flight, but that passengers who are Muslim, Sikh,   and other races and ethnicities have been subjected to extra scrutiny or outright removal by various airlines while engaging in routine activities. It was not immediately clear what, if any measures, were taken at the airport in Allentown when the man disembarked. Assistant Chief Gail Struss of the Allentown Police Department said in an email on Monday: “It’s possible we were called, but no report was taken by us that I can find. We would have referred the caller to the airport police. ” Officers at the Police Department at the   Airport Authority were not dispatched to respond to any passenger disturbance on Nov. 22, a spokesman, Colin Riccobon, said in an email.",0
19820,,Mohamed,It's good to see infidel countries losing their relationships with each other,1
19821,Wall Street’s Calling The Sheep To The Slaughter……Again!,David Stockman,"Wall Street's Calling The Sheep To The Slaughter Again!   We return to the fiscal theme because one thing we are endeavoring to accomplish here at Contra Corner is to stay ahead of the shocks and surprises that neither Wall Street nor the mainstream media can seem to even remotely anticipate. In that regard, we believe that the shock of Donald Trump's election will soon be vastly exceeded by an even more shocking shutdown of Washington governance within days of the inauguration.  ",1
19822,Clinton Campaign Demands Intelligence on Possible Russian Efforts to Elect Trump - The New York Times,"Jennifer Steinhauer, Jeremy W. Peters and Amy Chozick","■   Donald J. Trump is postponing until January his announcement about how he will handle his private business interests. ■ The Clinton campaign breaks its silence and demands declassification of the intelligence on Russian election meddling. ■ Mr. Trump takes to Twitter to deny Russian involvement in his victory. ■ Senator John McCain says there is no doubt about Russian hacking, which he called “warfare. ” ■ Carly Fiorina for director of national intelligence? She certainly took the  ’s line on China. For those waiting to see Mr. Trump hold a news conference to discuss the ethical concerns about conflicts with his business, you’ll have to wait a little longer. Transition officials said on Monday evening that they were postponing a news conference scheduled for Thursday at which Mr. Trump had said he would reveal his plans to avoid conflicts of interest with his sprawling real estate business. The   instead will make that announcement in January  —   likely before his inauguration and after an extended vacation at his    resort in Florida  —   officials said, confirming a report in Bloomberg News. Officials said the focus on building a cabinet had consumed more of Mr. Trump’s time than expected. And they said that it was taking time to address how to address the large, iconic real estate holdings that are part of the global Trump business. As the swirl of allegations around Russia’s efforts to elect Mr. Trump roils Washington, one voice has been absent: Hillary Clinton’s. John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, broke the silence on her behalf, demanding the declassification of all information about Russia’s meddling as well as an explanation from the Obama administration of what it knew and when it knew it. “We now know that the C. I. A. has determined Russia’s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump,” Mr. Podesta wrote in a statement. “This should distress every American. Never before in the history of our republic have we seen such an effort to undermine the bedrock of our democracy. ” “This is not a partisan issue, and we are glad to see bipartisan support in the Congress for an investigation into Russia’s role,” he continued. “We believe that the administration owes it to the American people to explain what it knows regarding the extent and manner of Russia’s interference and this be done as soon as possible. To that end, we also support the request from members of the Senate Intelligence Committee to declassify information around Russia’s roles in the election and to make this data available to the public. ” Thrown on the defensive, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Monday that the White House did not announce a major probe of Russia’s interference before the election partly because many voters would have seen such an announcement as political meddling. He said Russia did not hack the electoral process or the counting of votes. “But what is also clear is that the results of the hack and leak effort carried out on the orders of Russia were extensively discussed prior to the election,” Mr. Earnest said. With evidence mounting that Russian intelligence promoted his election, the   continued his denial, via Twitter. That second post is a head scratcher. The United States government  formally accused Russia of   trying to sow discord in the democratic process through its hacking in early October. It stopped short of saying the goal was to elect Mr. Trump. And forensic analysis does allow experts to trace the source of a hack. Oh, and fresh off his shot at Boeing over the cost of an Air Force One upgrade, Mr. Trump took a jab at another expensive military program, the   stealth fighter. On that one, he will have bipartisan support  —   just not in congressional districts where the fighter is built. Mr. McCain said on Monday that there was “no doubt about the hacking” by Russian intelligence services into Democratic campaign accounts, which he called “another form of warfare. ” Appearing on “CBS This Morning” with Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the next minority leader, Mr. McCain said the   investigation of Russian meddling in the election would include his committee as well as the Foreign Relations and Intelligence committees. He said a Senate investigation would be necessary despite President Obama having already ordered up an inquiry, as that one would not be completed before the end of the Obama administration. The implication was that the new Trump administration would not follow through. “We don’t want to point a finger, and I don’t want this to turn into the Benghazi investigation,” Mr. Schumer added, referring to the House investigation into the attacks on an American compound in Libya, which he said had been partisan. “This is serious stuff. ” One week before the Electoral College meets to ratify Mr. Trump’s election victory, 10 electors  —   including a Texas Republican who has turned on Mr. Trump, and Christine Pelosi, the daughter of Representative Nancy Pelosi  —   have demanded their own intelligence briefing on Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump. Their request: Ms. Fiorina, the former   chief executive, emerged from a meeting with the   at Trump Tower on Monday to talk tough, not on Russia but on China, which she called “our most important adversary and a rising adversary. ” Ms. Fiorina was called in to discuss the job of director of national intelligence, a senior transition official said. And Ms. Fiorina, once a bitter foe of Mr. Trump’s, was effusive. “We talked about hacking, whether it’s Chinese hacking or purported Russian hacking,” she said. “We talked about the opportunity that the   has to literally reset things, to reset the trajectory of this economy, to reset the role of government, to reset America’s role in the world and how we’re perceived in the world. And I think it’s why he’s getting such fantastic people in his administration. ” Mr. Trump and Ms. Fiorina clashed bitterly when she ran against him for the Republican nomination. Mr. Trump denigrated her appearance last year in an interview with Rolling Stone, saying, “Look at that face!” Ms. Fiorina briefly agreed to be Senator Ted Cruz’s   running mate before he, too, was vanquished by the eventual nominee. All appears to be forgiven. “First I want to say, he has really cool stuff in his office,” she said. “All of these athletes have given him all this incredible memorabilia. I was particular taken by Shaq O’Neal’s shoe, which is huge. I guess it takes a champion to know a champion. ” Three days ago, an image calling for the extermination of Muslims was posted on former Representative Allen West’s Facebook page. The outrage prompted an aide to Mr. West, a former Army lieutenant colonel, to claim credit and take the image down. The outrage wasn’t too great to deny Mr. West another audience with the   on Monday at Trump Tower. Nor was it enough to prompt a question from the reporters in the Trump Tower lobby, though they did ask Mr. West about Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump president. Reporters: Should there be a bipartisan investigation of Russia hacking? Mr. West: “I think there are more important things. We’re about to see a collapse in Syria, Iraq is falling apart. the Iran nuclear deal is horrific. China and Russia are expanding. I think that’s where we need to focus your intelligence efforts. ” The Trump transition team officially named Gary D. Cohn, the longtime president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, to be the director of the White House National Economic Council. After a campaign full of attacks on Wall Street  —   and Goldman Sachs in particular  —   Mr. Trump will have Goldman’s No. 2 in the West Wing and a former Goldman partner, Steven Mnuchin, next door at Treasury, if he is confirmed. But the transition team tried to find something inspirational in the latest multimillionaire: That is one of the rare moments where Shaker Heights, an affluent suburb of Cleveland, is mined for inspirational struggle. Mr. Trump is looking at appointing a rising Republican star from South Dakota, Representative Kristi Noem, as his secretary of agriculture, a senior official working on the transition said Monday. The transition team is vetting Ms. Noem now, and she is scheduled to meet with Mr. Trump this week. Ms. Noem, 45, would be one of the younger members of Mr. Trump’s cabinet  —   a group that so far consists mostly of older men. She has been planning to leave Congress at the end of her next term in 2018 to run for governor of South Dakota. Another name floated for the agriculture job, Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, is being considered for a variety of jobs, including energy secretary. Because she is a Democrat  —   and would likely be replaced in the Senate by a Republican  —   the transition official said she could essentially have “whatever job she wants. ” Speaking of roles, the former Texas governor, Rick Perry, who wanted to eliminate the Department of Energy but could not remember its name on live television, has emerged as a leading candidate for energy secretary. Although Texas is rich in energy and Mr. Perry is big on extracting it, he cannot afford too many “oops moments” if he is named to that post. The Energy Department’s primary role is to design nuclear weapons and ensure the safety and reliability of the nation’s aging nuclear arsenal  —   through a constellation of scientific laboratories. The two men who served as President Obama’s energy secretaries were scientists, one with a Nobel Prize, the other from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Trump is also looking at two other possibilities for energy secretary. He likes Senators Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota  —   both Democrats  —   for the job. Both are under tremendous pressure from fellow Democrats not to accept a cabinet job.",0
19823,"Enthralled by Sicily, Again - The New York Times",Francine Prose,"On the subject of travel, my father used to say: “You can’t go back. Avoid the places you loved when you were young, because they’ll have changed, and you’ll be disappointed. ” Occasionally my husband agrees, “That’s right, you can’t go back. ” But does that mean that the cities and countries where we were happiest and most enchanted must forever be crossed off the list of   destinations? Can’t some places remain unspoiled (or possibly even improve)? And, at the very least, isn’t it interesting to see how different a place looks to us at various points in our lives? This spring, I decided to find the answer to some of these questions by revisiting Sicily, one of my favorite places on earth. I’d first been there in 1992, with my mother, my husband and our two sons (then aged 10 and 14) and written  —   for this newspaper  —   about watching Mount Etna erupt. I’d returned for six weeks in early 2002 to write a brief book that was partly about how an immersion in Sicilian history, with its appalling violence and inspiriting record of recovery and resilience, had provided some comfort in the recent aftermath of Sept. 11. Now, almost a quarter century after my first visit, I was returning with my husband, Howie our younger son, Leon our    Jenny and our two granddaughters,    Emilia and    Malena. One advantage of returning to a region you know reasonably well  —   and, I suppose, of getting older  —   is that you lose the greedy compulsion to go everywhere and see everything. Were this a first visit, or were I alone with Howie, I couldn’t have resisted Palermo: the glorious mosaics in the cathedral of Monreale, the exuberant Baroque statuary of the Quattro Canti, the vibrant markets and delicious street food. But vivid memories of yanking my sons out of the way of speeding cars and rogue motorini convinced me that it might be more relaxing to begin our vacation in Cefalù, a seaside town about 40 minutes from Palermo, to which we flew from Rome. We rented a car at the airport (a more efficient process than in years before) and drove to Cefalù. The first sign of serious improvement was that the traffic seemed less maniacal than I remembered, making the trip more like an ordinary (that is, vaguely harrowing) autostrada drive, and less like a ferocious scramble for survival. We spent three nights in Cefalù, a beautiful town on the sea. Hugging a curve of the coastline, Cefalù has a picturesque, mazelike old city and a magnificent cathedral that you can see from far away. In the Duomo is a remarkably     mosaic of Christ Pantocrator in the central apse, just above the Madonna and surrounded by the Twelve Apostles. The village is like a much smaller, more intimate version of Monreale  —   without the crowds. During our last stay in Cefalù, Howie and I returned to the church every few hours to watch the changing light play on the mosaics, but we knew that these obsessive pilgrimages were unlikely to appeal to the girls, who much preferred playing on the beach and in the gentle waves. (One necessity of traveling with family, it became clear, was figuring out  —   in advance or on the spot  —   the many minor but essential compromises and adjustments that needed to be made.) I’d very much wanted to revisit the lovely inn and restaurant, Gangivecchio, in an ancient, aristocratic villa in the Madonie mountains above Cefalù, but I wasn’t sure how well the children would like the twisty   drive. Instead we took a much shorter (less than a  ) trip to the handsome town of Castelbuono, where we had an extraordinary lunch at Nangalarruni, a   restaurant that specializes in dishes prepared with local mushrooms. The menu includes a marvelous sort of gratin made with potatoes and mushrooms, a medallion of pork encrusted with honey, pistachios and almonds, and pastas with a variety of delectable mushroom sauces. Easily navigable and unpretentious, Castelbuono is also an art town, with   frescoes in the crypt of the church Matrice Vecchia in the castle is a chapel encrusted with the giddily    Baroque decorations of the sculptor Giacomo Serpotta. But by the time we finished lunch, late on a Palm Sunday afternoon, the town seemed to have slipped into a peaceful postprandial sleep, and (in lieu of seeing its art treasures) we settled for buying honey and olive oil in a shop selling produce from a nearby organic cooperative. If you like to cook, as we do, the great frustration of tourism is the inability to shop at local markets and make dinner. One thing that’s greatly changed travel over the last decade has been the advent of Airbnb and its online gallery of rentable apartments and houses. For us, the fantasy was irresistible: the smell of olive oil and garlic, the family gathered around platters of steaming pasta and seafood bought that very day. We could be like Italians! The reality was somewhat different. The amiable hosts who showed us to our rental cottage in Cefalù had forgotten to mention the high chance of burning out the clutch as we climbed the driveway, which rounded precipitous curves (without guardrails) along the edge of a cliff, nor did we know (from the online photos) that the only access to the bedrooms was via a   ladder, a problem for two little granddaughters, my       and, to be honest, for me. In Syracuse, where we went next, our elegant, spacious, comfortable apartment, also an Airbnb, had another sort of glitch: The electricity had been turned off in a country where, we well knew, it could be weeks for it to be turned back on. Perhaps my father should have said: You can’t go back and rent an apartment. Ultimately, these issues, which featured   moments evoking “National Lampoon’s Vacation” films, hardly mattered. Our little family fled both Airbnbs and checked into local hotels, the gracious and comfortable La Plumeria in Cefalù, and in Syracuse, after our genuinely kindly, regretful landlady refunded our money, (though our Cefalù “host” refused) the elegant Algilà. When the travelers who had come for Easter filled its rooms, we moved again to the   seafront Hotel des Étrangers. In Syracuse, we stayed on Ortigia, the lovely island across a small bridge from the mainland. Though there were far more restaurants and souvenir shops than I recalled from my previous visits, Ortigia’s architecture, the atmospheric cobbled streets, the dramatic waterfront and especially the Piazza del Duomo (particularly beautiful when illuminated at night) were no less thrilling than I remembered. Nor was it any less fascinating to observe the layers of history so visible everywhere throughout the city. On one side of the Duomo, you can see the columns that upheld the structure during its original iteration as a Greek temple consecrated as a Christian church in the seventh century, the Norman cathedral was rebuilt, in its current Baroque splendor, after the earthquake of 1693. Among Syracuse’s wonders is one of Caravaggio’s major  —   and most beautiful  —   paintings, “The Burial of St. Lucia,” which was done in 1608 when the artist briefly took refuge in Sicily, on the run from a murder charge in Rome. The painting, temporarily housed in the church Santa Lucia alla Badia, on one side of the Piazza Duomo, depicts the interment of the city’s patron saint, her delicate frame stretched out near the bottom of the canvas, surrounded by mourners and half blocked from our sight by the broad, powerful back of the gravedigger all this  —   the action of the painting, as it were  —   transpires in a narrow band, beneath a vast expanse of empty dark space that has been restored since I last saw it (then in Syracuse’s art museum) to reveal a brick niche, dimly visible in the sepulchral gloom. On the mainland, a short cab or bus ride (or longer walk) from Ortigia, is Syracuse’s archaeological zone, a sort of classical entertainment center featuring one of the largest and most impressive Greek theaters in existence, as well as an elliptical Roman arena that often served as the stage (and could be flooded) for simulated naval battles. In the same park are a series of caverns, or latomie. Now surrounded by a pleasant garden planted with lemon and orange trees and heavily populated by songbirds, are the caves that were used as prisons by the region’s despotical rulers. Perhaps the most   of these caves, the Ear of Dionysius, was (at least supposedly) given its name by Caravaggio, who observed the way in which the cave’s entrance resembles an enormous ear. Our granddaughters loved running in and out of these dark, slightly daunting natural wonders, and were suitably impressed by the unusual acoustics, where the slightest whisper can be heard throughout the cavern. Legend has it that this feature was used by the rulers to eavesdrop on the conversations of the unsuspecting prisoners, though it seems more probable that this natural amplification was ingeniously employed to increase the audibility of the plays performed in the Greek theater. As in much of Sicily, the food in Syracuse is  —   to put it simply  —   great. One of the best meals we had on our trip was at Burgio, a sort of upscale   grocery store and restaurant in one corner of Ortigia’s appealing market. Burgio focuses on local produce  —   cheeses, sausages and salamis. They serve sandwiches made to order, artisanal beers, local wines and elaborate platters on which are arranged small dishes of sliced meats, fish, cheese and marinated vegetables, each selection paired with perfectly complementary relishes. Eating at Burgio was our consolation for not being able to shop in, and cook from, the market, but it was by no means the only excellent restaurant in Ortigia. Walking around, checking out menus, it’s not hard to find someplace where the food is superb and not terribly expensive. We especially liked Sicilia in Tavola, which has a terrific selection of seafood dishes  —   and pasta Bolognese for the girls!  —   and where I had pasta with sea urchin, pasta ai ricci, a dish with which I am obsessed and order every chance I get. We also liked a place called DiVino Mare, which is near the market and serves grilled, wonderfully fresh fish at unusually reasonable prices. We spent much of our time (four days) in Syracuse just walking around and eating. I would have liked to spend more time traveling up and down the Ionian Sea coast, and to the inland mountain towns of Ragusa and Modica. I’d hoped to take the family to the fish market in Catania, where once, eating pasta with sea urchin in a little trattoria at the edge of the pescheria, I watched the restaurant and the market stalls empty as everyone gathered to marvel at a gargantuan tuna that one of the fishermen had brought in. I would have liked to have lunch at the coastal beauty spots Aci Trezza and Aci Castello, and to visit Noto, the wildly Baroque town where every cornice and window sill appears to vie for the greatest complexity of decoration, and where a balcony might be upheld by mermaids, griffins or galloping horses carved from stone. I would have liked to make a side trip to the Villa Romana del Casale, near Piazza Armerina, a restored Roman villa with famously spectacular mosaics depicting a chariot race, an epic hunting scene, a parade of women in what appear to be bikinis. But of the three generations traveling together, each one had their own reasons for wanting to relax, to take things slow and easy. Ultimately, some of the most pleasurable moments were the most unexpected, and the ones that most fully disproved my father’s warning against returning to the familiar. I had an experience of pure bliss, riding through the gently rolling, unusually green Sicilian countryside between Cefalù and Syracuse, looking at ruins of ancient farmhouses and flocks of grazing sheep, and hearing my granddaughters sing at the top of their lungs along with Adele’s “Hello. ” Perhaps my favorite moment of the entire trip occurred at Segesta, where there is an unfinished but nonetheless grand Doric temple and an amphitheater (dating from the third century B. C.) on a hill above the temple. The structures are themselves magnificent, but their beauty is greatly enhanced by the setting: a semideserted,     (about 40 minutes from Palermo) and wholly rural mountaintop from which you can see far across the bucolic countryside and, beyond it, the sea. Of Sicily’s three major Greek temples  —   at Agrigento, Selinunte and Segesta  —   Segesta was the one I wanted my family to see, the one I wanted to revisit myself. When we reached Segesta, after getting lost in search of a nearby lunch spot, it was midafternoon. The busloads of tourists and Italian schoolchildren had mostly departed. We took the shuttle bus up to the amphitheater, where a strong wind was blowing, and where  —   as their parents and grandparents sat on the stone benches encircling the theater and took in the view  —   the girls ran up and down the levels like graceful little mountain goats and treated the ancient theater as their personal terraced playground. From the shuttle bus, going back downhill, you suddenly see the temple, solitary and majestic, exerting a kind of presence you can feel even from afar. The bus driver stopped so his passengers could take a picture, and I had the sense that even he  —   navigating this road, day after day  —   had never reached the point of taking the temple’s beauty for granted, and was still awed by its magnificence. The hike from the parking area to the temple is slightly steep and long. Leon and Howie and the girls ran up ahead, while I walked more slowly to keep my    company. By the time we reached the temple, the girls had made it their own. Malena, who never walks when she can run, was scrambling over the rocks that surrounded the structure, inspecting every inch of the hilly area around the monumental columns. Emilia was having quite a different reaction. In the open space, with the temple behind her, she seemed to have become intoxicated by the gorgeousness of the place. With her arms outstretched she twirled and twirled around, the afternoon sunlight shining through her pale skirt and picking out the highlights in her long reddish brown hair. Graceful and free, powered by the sheer joy of being a child, by the happiness of finding herself in such an astonishing spot, she turned and turned and turned. Watching her, I thought: You can go back. This is better. Returning can be better than seeing a place for the first time. The temple at Segesta had never before seemed to me so striking, so timeless, so precious. I thought: This  —   right here, right now  —   is the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen. The budget airline, Meridiana, has direct flights from New York to Palermo, Sicily, but there are also flights from a number of European capitals to Palermo and Catania. We flew Alitalia from Rome to Palermo, and rented a car at the airport. La Plumeria Hotel, Corso Ruggero 185, Cefalù    . it double rooms from $182. Algilà Ortigia Charme Hotel, Via Vittorio Veneto 93, Syracuse    . it double rooms from $364. Hotel des Étrangers, Passeggio Adorno,   Syracuse    . com double rooms from $244. Nangalarruni, Via delle Confraternite, 5, Castelbuono    . it lunch for two with wine: $100. Fratelli Burgio, Piazza Cesare Battisti 4, Syracuse    . com lunch for two with wine: $80. Sicilia in Tavola, Via Cavour 28, Syracuse     siciliaintavola. eu dinner for two with wine: $90.",0
19824,Clinton to Trump on Twitter: ‘Delete Your Account’ - The New York Times,Daniel Victor,"Look, we don’t want to write about every presidential campaign tweet that teeters on the brink of the absurd like a   mirror revealing the political Frankentheater that the entire electorate has collaborated to create, whether actively or by submission. We’d never get anything else done. But O. K. fine, this one could use some explanation. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, was responding to a tweet from Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee: Mrs. Clinton’s missive, most likely written and sent by her campaign staff, quickly became one of the most widely shared tweets of the 2016 campaign. It was precisely the kind of tweet that political junkies, and anyone else checking Twitter for a midday distraction, thirsts for in the middle of the afternoon when they’d prefer to think about something other than work. But it’s worth noting, to the unfamiliar, that “Delete your account” was not a sudden turn of phrase by a coldblooded social media manager, let alone the candidate herself. The   phrase has a long history as a dismissive rejoinder, especially on Twitter. It translates roughly as “Your tweet or opinion is so bad that you should be immediately disqualified from further participation on the platform. ” Mr. Trump then responded, and other political figures quickly jumped on board. Mrs. Clinton has not always been totally hip, jiggy and on fleek with the cool kids. She was widely panned for a tweet in August that struck some watchers as a tad too pandering. On Friday, a day after it was announced that Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, was endorsing Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump unleashed a typical tweet, mocking the senator’s heritage. But Ms. Warren, who has taken to matching the Republican taunt for taunt on social media, could not resist resurrecting Clinton’s tack. There. Now you understand politics again.",0
19825,"These Products Make Men Grow Breasts, Get Cancers Of The Prostate And Liver",Eddy Lavine,"posted by Eddie Owned by Unilever, the Axe brand includes a range of men’s grooming products with many of the ingredients never even tested for safety according to the C.I.R. – Cosmetic Ingredient Review. Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals. Axe products are loaded with endocrine disrupting chemicals. Endocrine disruptorsare exogenous, synthetic chemicals that have hormone-like effects on both humans and wild-life and interfere with the endocrine system by either mimicking or blocking our natural hormones and disrupting their respective body functions. Member scientists of the Endocrine Society issued a report in which they claim: “We present the evidence that endocrine disruptors have effects on male and female reproduction, breast development and cancer, prostrate cancer, neuroendocrinology, thyroid, metabolism and obesity, and cardiovascular endocrinology.” New studies are also revealing that these harmful chemicals may be causing physical feminization in males. A study published by the International Journal of Andrology found that feminization of boys can now be seen through their play habits. Medical experts are now wondering whether exposure to years of these toxic chemicals is part of the reason so many older men are low on testosterone and experiencing erectile dysfunction. So they take a little blue pill and get exposed to even more chemicals and the cycle continues. Aluminum Zirconium Tetrachlorohydrex Gly Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly is the active ingredient in Axe deodorant products. One or more animal studies show kidney or renal system effects at very low doses, mammalian cells show positive mutation results, animal studies show reproductive effects at moderate doses. Aluminum was first recognized as a human neurotoxin in 1886, before being used as an antiperspirant. A neurotoxin is a substance that causes damage to nerves or nerve tissue. Cocamidopropyl Betaine Cocamidopropyl betaine is a very toxic ingredient which has been linked to cancer in animal tests. The biggest danger of using a product with cocamidopropyl betaine is its potential contamination with nitrosamines . Nitrosamines are created when nitrosating agents are combined with amines. Nitrosamines have been identified as one of the most potent classes of carcinogens, having caused cancer in more than 40 different animal species as well as in humans. PPG-14 Butyl Ether PPG stands for popypropylene glycol, which is made from a completely artificial petroleum product, methyl oxirane. Another name for that is propylene oxide (which is a probable human carcinogen). Propylene oxide is also an irritant and highly flammable. Butyl ethers are in the paraben family, and they are toluene derivatives (toxic petrochemical compounds). Toluene has proven to have a harmful affect on the reproductive system while parabens have been linked to cancer. PEG-8 Distearate According to a report in the International Journal of Toxicology by the Cosmetic Ingredient Review (CIR) committee, impurities found in various PEG compounds include ethylene oxide; 1,4-dioxane; polycyclic aromatic compounds; and heavy metals such as lead, iron, cobalt, nickel, cadmium, and arsenic. Many of these impurities are linked to cancer. A 1988 Swedish study by Thompson looked at both BHT and BHA. They found that both were toxic and tumour promoting. Both antioxidants were observed to be cytotoxic in a concentration-dependent manner at concentrations ranging from 100 to 750 microM. At equimolar concentrations BHT was more cytotoxic than BHA. source:",1
19826,Sarah Netanyahu Tells Melania Trump of Common Bond: ‘Media Hate Us but the People Love Us’,Breitbart Jerusalem,"The Times of Israel reports: After their husbands praised the “unbreakable bond” between Israel and the US at the welcome ceremony for US President Donald Trump, Sara Netanyahu, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s wife, told US First Lady Melania Trump that the two couples had more in common than pure geopolitical interests. [Chatting candidly on the tarmac at Ben Gurion Airport on Monday, Sara Netanyahu said that, like the Trumps, Israel’s “first couple” had been treated unfairly by the media but were loved by the people. “You know in Israel all the people like us. The media hate us but the people love us,” Netanyahu told the first lady in a recording that picked up their private conversation. “Like you. ”  “We have a lot in common,” Trump replied. Netanyahu, with a broad smile on her face, promised to continue the discussion “over dinner. ” Read more here.",0
19827,“Las presiones de EE UU y la OTAN han influido en España” | Noticias de Rusia | RBTH,Pavel Tarasenko,"españa , almirante kuznetsov , ceuta , portaaviones Imagen del portaaviones Almirante Kuznetsov. Fuente:Reuters 
La ruta y la misión del portaaviones Almirante Kuznetsov, según el secretario de prensa del presidente de la Federación de Rusia, Dmitri Peskov, se encuentran en un sobre cerrado en el que se lee “Completamente secreto”. 
Sin embargo, según informaba anteriormente el Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores español, se preveía que el portaaviones llegara al puerto de Ceuta el 28 de octubre . En Madrid señalan que el permiso correspondiente se expidió el pasado mes de septiembre. 
No obstante, en cuanto la noticia sobre la inminente llegada de los buques a Ceuta llegó a la prensa, España comenzó a recibir críticas de sus aliados en la OTAN. 
El secretario general de la Alianza, Jens Stoltenberg, señaló que en otras condiciones no tendría nada que objetar al abastecimiento de los buques rusos, pero que en la actualidad está extremadamente preocupado porque estos “puedan utilizarse para atacar Alepo”. 
Otros políticos de Gran Bretaña y EE UU hicieron declaraciones similares. 
En España las críticas más duras que ha recibido el gobierno provienen de Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya. Su servicio de prensa ha confirmado a Kommersant que los miembros del Congreso de los Diputados de este partido han exigido al ministro de Asuntos Exteriores en funciones, José Manuel García-Margallo y al ministro de Defensa en funciones, Pedro Morenés, que expliquen por qué razón unos barcos rusos que participan en la operación siria hacen escala en Ceuta. 9 cosas que no sabías sobre el portaaviones “Almirante Kuznetsov” 
Las autoridades portuarias de las ciudad han expresado su descontento por lo sucedido. Desde el año 2011 por este puerto han pasado, según el El País , más de 60 buques rusos. 
“Los criterios para permitir la escala en Ceuta son la seguridad del medio ambiente, de la ciudad y de su población”, cita el periódico The Spain Report a fuentes en la administración del puerto. Sin embargo, debido al aluvión de críticas recibidas, el Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores de España anunció ayer que “iba a celebrar una consulta para estudiar la decisión”. 
Hacia el mediodía de ayer la embajada de Rusia en Madrid comunicó a Exteriores que retiraba la petición de permisos de escala para la escala de los buques y, por lo tanto, quedan canceladas. “Confirmamos que nuestros barcos no entrarán en el puerto de Ceuta porque se ha modificado su ruta”, declaraban desde la embajada. La reacción de Moscú 
Vasili Nioradze, secretario de prensa de la embajada, instaba a no dramatizar la situación en declaraciones a Kommersant. 
“La negociación sobre este tipo de escalas en los puertos es un procedimiento rutinario –señalaba este-. Nosotros enviamos la solicitud de forma anticipada y para tomar una decisión al respecto se tiene en cuenta el derecho internacional y los requisitos del país. En esta ocasión se ha decidido una cosa, y en otros casos la respuesta será distinta”. 
Ígor Konashenkov, representante oficial del Ministerio de Defensa explica que el departamento ruso contemplaba la posibilidad “de la escala acordada con el gobierno español de algunos buques o embarcaciones de apoyo de la flotilla rusa”. 
Sin embargo, según el representante del Ministerio de Defensa ruso, no se envió ninguna solicitud oficial. 
Además, comenta: “Los representantes del gobierno español han declarado que debido a la presión de Estados Unidos y de la OTAN el paso de buques rusos por el puerto de Ceuta no es oportuno”. Las autoridades de España no han hecho ninguna declaración similar en público. Madrid ha perdido dinero 
El director del Centro de Análisis de Estrategias y Tecnología, Ruslán Pújov, no ve ninguna tragedia en el cambio de ruta del Almirante Kuznetsov. 
“Nuestros buques pueden repostar sin problemas en Argelia o en Malta. Apuesto por Argelia, ya que Malta es miembro de la UE y se enfrentará a los mismos problemas que España”, informa el experto a Kommersant . 
Según Pújov, la llegada del grupo del Almirante Kuznetsov a Siria apenas cambiará la correlación de fuerzas en la región, aunque sí permitirá a Rusia elevar su prestigio internacional. 
“Los franceses tienen un portaaviones en la región porque no tienen base, pero nosotros sí que tenemos–declara el experto-. La misión del Kuznetsov es más bien una operación de entrenamiento. Los pilotos de los aviones navales necesitan entrenar y Siria les ofrece la posibilidad de hacerlo en condiciones de combate reales”. 
El experto del mismo centro Andréi Frolov añade que la expedición del Almirante Kuznetsov también tiene un “componente publicitario”: La India está pensando en comprar cazas navales MiG-29K/KUB para sus futuros portaaviones, y la demostración de sus características en Siria podría ayudarle a decidirse”. Lea más ",1
19828,The Corbett Report: Accept no substitutes!,Corbett,"10/27/2016 at 10:24 pm 
Noticed you were inactive and glad you’ve recovered from your illnesses. All the best to you and you family- On the fake Corbett websites, Can you blame them? We all want to be you James! At least, we all strive to be the great researcher you’re teaching us to be! Keep up the great work.",1
19829,Saudi Arabia to behead disabled man who peacefully protested,Eric Zuesse.,"Posted on November 4, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. By Paul Antonopoulos, originally published at almasdarnews.com , on 5 November 2016