23 year old Munir al-Adam has been sentenced to death for alleged “attacks on police” during protests in the predominately Shi’ite Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia in late 2011. 
Al-Adam is partly blind and was already partially deaf at the time when the Saudi forces arrested him, however, he is now fully deaf in one ear because of police brutality while in custody. 
Al-Adam’s family say his confession to any crime was extracted under torture. 
“Munir Adam’s appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman’s blade – including juveniles and people with disabilities,” said Reprieve’s Death Penalty Team Director Maya Foa. 
“Like so many others, Munir was arrested for allegedly attending protests, and tortured into a ‘confession’ – he was beaten so badly that he lost his hearing. It’s a scandal that Munir now faces beheading on the basis of a bogus statement that he has since recanted,” she added. 
Saudi Arabia has recently been re-elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council.",1
19830,,Karml,How tragic for the world if true,1
19831,Chelsea Manning Describes Bleak Life in a Men’s Prison - The New York Times,Charlie Savage,"Most mornings at 4:30, half an hour before the “first call” awakens inmates at the Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas, an alarm rings within an    cell. Inmate 89289, slightly built with short hair, rises to apply makeup and don female undergarments and a brown uniform before the   men in the adjacent cells stir. That is the routine for Chelsea Manning, America’s most famous convicted leaker and the prison’s most unusual inmate. She is serving the longest sentence ever imposed for disclosing government secrets  —   35 years  —   and her status as a celebrity of sorts and an incarcerated transgender woman presents continuing difficulties for the military. During the day, Ms. Manning, who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010, builds picture frames and furniture in the prison wood shop. In the evenings, before the 10:05 p. m. lockdown, she reads through streams of letters, including from antisecrecy enthusiasts who view her as a  . “I am always busy. I have a backlog of things to do: legal, administrative, press inquiries, and writing  —   lots of writing,” Ms. Manning wrote in response to questions submitted by The Times because the Army does not permit her to speak directly to journalists. “Being me is a   job. ” But Ms. Manning, who is struggling to transition to life as a woman while enduring a bleak existence at a male military prison, has asked President Obama to commute the remainder of her sentence before he leaves office next week. She poses particular challenges as a prisoner, with a volunteer support network that helps bring global attention to her treatment, fragile mental state  —   she twice tried to commit suicide in 2016  —   and need for treatment that the military has no experience providing. Her request comes as the world is again focused on WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange, whom her leaks made famous. The organization last year published Clinton campaign emails, obtained in a hacking, as part of what American intelligence officials claim was a covert Russian operation aimed at tilting the election to   Donald J. Trump. (Ms. Manning declined to discuss WikiLeaks, saying only that her decision to send documents to it “was neither an endorsement nor an affiliation. ”) It also comes at a time of flux in the military’s policies on gender identity. Last June, the Obama administration rescinded a ban on transgender people serving in the military and began overhauling its practices, which eventually would include providing gender reassignment surgery. But Mr. Trump has derided the lifting of the ban as “politically correct,” raising the possibility that his administration may roll back the changes. The White House declined to comment on Ms. Manning’s commutation request. The Army declined to comment about her situation at Fort Leavenworth, citing privacy laws. A military prosecutor had called Ms. Manning a “traitor” at her 2013   and officials have said the disclosures disrupted government operations and put people at risk, although prosecutors did not claim anyone was killed because of them. In a statement accompanying her petition asking Mr. Obama to reduce her sentence to the nearly seven years she already has served, Ms. Manning, now 29, said she never intended to hurt anyone and pleaded for a chance to start her life over. “I need help,” she wrote. “I am living through a cycle of anxiety, anger, hopelessness, loss, and depression. I cannot focus. I cannot sleep. I attempted to take my own life. ” On Aug. 22, 2013, the day after her sentencing for sending documents to WikiLeaks, Ms. Manning’s lawyer read a statement on the “Today” show announcing that she was female, wanted to be called “Chelsea” rather than “Bradley” and would seek   hormone therapy. To observers of her   this was no surprise. Her motivation for leaking hundreds of thousands of files she had copied from a classified computer network while serving in Iraq, as she wrote at the time, was hope that they would spark “worldwide discussion, debates, and reforms. ” But at her trial, she apologized and noted that she was “dealing with a lot of issues” when she had made that decision. Testimony showed that she had been in a mental and emotional crisis as she came to grips, in the stress of a war zone, with the fact that she was not merely gay, as she had believed while growing up in Oklahoma, but had gender dysphoria  —   a disconnect between one’s gender identity and sex assigned at birth. In the months before her leaks and May 2010 arrest, she had been behaving erratically and emailed a picture of herself wearing a woman’s wig to her supervisor. The military sent Ms. Manning to serve out her sentence as a   inmate at the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks, its main prison for male inmates. Court documents show that Ms. Manning has had counseling sessions with a prison psychologist, Dr. Ellen Galloway, at least once a week, and military authorities have over time allowed her access to some treatments doctors prescribed for her gender dysphoria, in part because of pressure from a lawsuit filed by Chase Strangio, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, in September 2014. She can now wear female prison undergarments, including a sports bra, and “subdued cosmetics. ” In early 2015, she was permitted to get speech therapy to feminize the tone and pitch of her voice and began   hormone therapy prescribed, Mr. Strangio said, by an endocrinologist brought in from the military’s Walter Reed hospital. Since then, Ms. Manning wrote, she has developed breasts and curvier hips. “There have been significant changes since I’ve been taking the hormones, and I am happy with them,” she said. But, citing security risks, the military rejected the recommendation of an outside psychologist who said she should be permitted to further feminize her appearance by growing her hair longer than male military standards. Mr. Strangio is helping her challenge that restriction. “Plaintiff feels like a freak and a weirdo  —   not because having short hair makes a person less of a woman  —   but because for her, it undermines specifically recommended treatment and sends the message to everyone that she is not a ‘real’ woman,” he wrote in a court filing. “She is getting hormones, but it sounds like the inability to socially transition, or to have surgery, could be contributing to suicidality  —   especially when she is looking at decades in prison and thus a certain hopelessness about whether that might ever be available for her,” said Dan Karasic, a University of California, San Francisco psychiatrist and the chairman of the American Psychiatric Association’s work group on gender dysphoria he cautioned that he had not examined her. The military turned down a request by The New York Times to visit the facility. But an Army spokesman, Wayne Hall, provided written answers from the Army Corrections Command to questions posed by The Times, from which a sketch of her environment emerged. Ms. Manning’s cell, like others at Fort Leavenworth, contains a bed, toilet, sink, locker, storage bin, chair and desk, according to the Army. She showers in a nearby communal bathroom with individual stalls. She has no access to the internet, but says she receives “at least a couple hundred pieces of mail every week. ” The Army does not permit her to see people who did not know her before her incarceration, so she is not allowed to meet with a handful of volunteers who have formed an informal network of supporters, but she calls one of them daily. A volunteer who relayed questions from The Times to her asked not to be named, citing security concerns. Ms. Manning said she recently finished reading “Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies,” a book about artificial intelligence by the Swedish philosopher Nick Bostrom, and “1Q84,” a dystopian novel by Haruki Murakami. She is interested in efforts to develop stronger encryption and has been “going through” the “Princeton Companion to Mathematics. ” She also said she reads women’s athletic, fashion and lifestyle magazines like Shape, Vogue, Vanity Fair and Cosmopolitan. Her cell door has a window looking onto a central “day room” with tables, chairs, pay phones and televisions. For a time, Ms. Manning played Dungeons  Dragons with a few fellow inmates, but she said she had had no time in recent months. She eats meals with other inmates in a dining facility and works on a team at the wood shop. The roughly 424 inmates held at Fort Leavenworth with Ms. Manning include men accused of routine crimes as well as some who drew public attention, including Nidal Hasan, convicted in a 2009 mass shooting at Fort Hood and held on the prison’s death row wing, and Robert Bales, who murdered 16 Afghans in Kandahar and was sentenced to life without parole in August 2013. Ms. Manning declined to say much about the guards or fellow inmates, other than to say that they have never bullied or attacked her. “It’s best to keep to yourself and try not to get involved in any drama,” she wrote. “It’s a little harder for me to keep to myself, since the staff is constantly watching me and those that interact with me. But I’m used to it by now. I don’t feel threatened by the other prisoners. I have friends. ” Her special status at Fort Leavenworth is evident. Nancy Hollander, one of the lawyers working on the appeal of her conviction and sentence, said the Army built a special secure information facility in a windowless basement room so she could meet with them and discuss   documents she leaked. While Ms. Manning said she could not say on her monitored phone calls “anything critical of the prison or the current administration or I can get charged for violation of a lawful general order,” her supporters pay close attention to her treatment. Scrutiny of the military’s struggles to deal with Ms. Manning go back to her confinement at the Quantico, Va. brig after her arrest, when she was held for months in isolation, shackled during exercise and sometimes stripped of clothing and glasses to prevent her from harming herself  —   even after a prison psychologist said such steps were unnecessary. A military judge ruled that the treatment had been illegal. At Leavenworth, after a minor disagreement with a guard in 2015, officials punished her, among other things, for “medical misuse” because they found a tube of toothpaste in her cell that was past its expiration date. Her supporters publicized the incident. In September, her supporters issued a news release saying she was on a hunger strike because of an “overzealous administrative scrutiny” and lack of progress in getting more treatment. She resumed eating after five days. Mr. Strangio said an official told her she would be eligible for the same medical treatment as   transgender soldiers, suggesting she would eventually be permitted to proceed with surgery. But months have passed, and Ms. Manning wrote that she has not seen a surgeon. Later in September, a prison board disciplined Ms. Manning for the disruption a July suicide attempt had caused. The punishment: solitary confinement. While in isolation in October, she tried again to kill herself  —   by choking herself on a piece of clothing, according to a support network member  —   before guards intervened. About a week further into that stint in solitary, she experienced a bizarre episode in which four people impersonating guards simulated breaking into the prison one night and pretended to kill her regular guards, filling her with fear, according to an account she filed with the army inspector general. A military official denied her account. Dr. Stuart Grassian, a specialist in the psychological effects of solitary confinement, said her description is consistent with hallucinations often experienced by unstable people placed in isolation. Now, with 28 years of her sentence to go and uncertainty over whether the Trump administration will deny her   surgery, Ms. Manning is hoping Mr. Obama will take mercy on her and free her from military prison, which goes by the acronym U. S. D. B. “I am not asking for a pardon of my conviction. I understand that the various collateral consequences of the   conviction will stay on my record forever,” she wrote in her commutation application. “I am merely asking for a first chance to live my life outside the U. S. D. B. as the person I was born to be. ”",0
19832,Año 1851: Los Países Enanos piden que se les llame Países Bajos,Redacción,"© El Mundo Today Más historias Año 2014: Stephen Hawking queda penúltimo en el Gran Premio de Monza, sólo por delante de Fernando Alonso EFEMÉRIDES DE LA SEMANA Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.",1
19833,"Donald Trump, Chicago Police: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",Karen Zraick and Lisa Iaboni,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. We’ll be off on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. See you Tuesday. 1. The House joined the Senate in laying the groundwork for speedy action to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   Donald J. Trump again attacked Hillary Clinton over her emails on Twitter. We took a look at the first cabinets of the past few presidents, and determined that Mr. Trump’s will be the least diverse since that of President Ronald Reagan. _____ 2. A Justice Department report found the Chicago police systematically violated the civil rights of residents, particularly   and Latinos, by using excessive force. The report came in the wake of the city’s highest murder rate in 20 years in 2016. In an effort to fix the problems, federal and city officials reached a preliminary agreement on changes to police practices. _____ 3. Takata pleaded guilty to charges stemming from its handling of defective airbags, and will pay $1 billion in penalties. Three of its executives face criminal charges. The airbags can rupture violently when they deploy. They have been linked to at least 11 deaths, which prompted the largest automotive recall in American history. _____ 4. Chelsea Manning is asking Mr. Obama to commute her sentence before he leaves office next week. Ms. Manning, who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010, is serving a   sentence. She is struggling to transition to life as a woman in a male prison, and attempted suicide twice last year. _____ 5. China has banned child abuse at its infamous digital detox boot camps. There are just a few of the camps, but they’re known for harsh treatment, including beatings and electroshock therapy to get children offline. The law also sets a daily limit on how long minors can play online games at home or in internet cafes. _____ 6. Thousands of members of the New York Police Department attended the funeral of Officer Steven McDonald, who was paralyzed in a 1986 shooting but became a symbol of forgiveness and hope. Officer McDonald had less than two years on the job when he was shot by a    in Central Park. He publicly forgave his attacker and eventually traveled the globe, speaking of his Roman Catholic faith and the importance of compassion. He died on Tuesday at 59, several days after a heart attack. _____ 7. The U. S. Mint will release a commemorative gold coin featuring Lady Liberty as a black woman. It’s the first time that she’s been depicted as anything other than white on the nation’s currency. The coin will have a $100 face value and goes on sale April 6 to commemorate the 225th anniversary of the mint’s coin production. _____ 8. What’s the right time to put your home on the market? Whenever you want. A real estate article of faith once had it that   to   the start of the   spring season, was the best time to list a property. But now that everyone looks at listings online, realtors say the rules about timing have gone out the window. _____ 9. If one of your vacation goals is inspiring envy in others, you may want to bookmark these tips on how to take great travel photos. Make a list of key shots, shoot at sunrise and sunset and experiment with angles. And after all that planning, don’t forget to be spontaneous. _____ 10. Finally, we bring you the back story of the iconic image of Marilyn Monroe’s white dress fluttering up as she stands over a subway grate in “The Seven Year Itch. ” What made it into the movie was actually a reshoot of a discarded and more risqué scene filmed on the Upper East Side in the summer of 1954. The discarded version happened to also be captured on   film by an amateur filmmaker who lived nearby. Jules Schulback often talked about the footage, but no one saw it for 50 years, until he was 92 and his granddaughter found it. Have a great weekend. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19834,2016 Projections to 270 Electoral Votes,smith.j,"Projections for the next President of the United States have begun to roll in from many states. Multiple key states are currently too close to call, including Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, Ohio, and Georgia. Donald Trump is leading the popular vote across the nation.
As of 8:50 p.m. ET, Trump has a projected 66 electoral votes. It is predicted that he will win Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Alabama.
Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Vermont, Rhode Island, Delaware, Illinois, and D.C. This would garner her 68 electoral votes.
It has been reported that Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Maine, New Hampshire, Michigan, and Missouri have been added to the list of states that are too close to call. However, Trump is leading in North Carolina and Clinton is ahead in Virginia.
Guardian Liberty Voice will follow the election until the United States has a president-elect.
Written by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
MSNBC: Live
POLITICO: 2016 Presidential Election Results
Image Courtesy of H2Woah!’s      Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , projections",1
19835,"Not Just Bees, Trees Are Dying Off at an Alarming Rate With Little Public Attention",WakingTimes,"Waking Times 
In the background of modern life, as people go on debating politics and working for a living, something dreadful is happening to the eco-systems which support us. Major disasters like the ongoing radioactive leak at Fukushima , the apocalyptic fires burning throughout Indonesia , even bee colony collapse disorder , seem to fall out of view in day-to-day life, as we seem to have lost our power and will to directly participate in the stewardship of planet earth. 
A new crisis is now happening all around us affecting trees. It appears that millions, hundreds of millions even, of trees are dying in North America and around the world from a basket of reasons, promising to completely and permanently alter the landscape and environment around us. 
Tree are among the most abundant and the most critical organisms on planet earth, and only recently have we been able to assess just how many trees inhabit planet earth. A study published in 2015 gave us this picture: 
“A new study published in Nature estimates the planet has 3.04 trillion trees. The research says 15.3 billion trees are chopped down every year. It also estimates that 46% of the world’s trees have been cleared over the past 12,000 years.” [ Source ] 
Now in 2016, alarm bells are ringing and in California alone, the problem has become incredibly severe: 
“The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced today that the U.S. Forest Service has identified an additional 36 million dead trees across California since its last aerial survey in May 2016. This brings the total number of dead trees since 2010 to over 102 million on 7.7 million acres of California’s drought stricken forests. In 2016 alone, 62 million trees have died, representing more than a 100 percent increase in dead trees across the state from 2015. Millions of additional trees are weakened and expected to die in the coming months and years.” [ Source ] 
A New York Times feature on trees in California warns us that many of the state’s trees were already dead before forest fires moved in, thereby making the fire situation worse. Beyond California 
Many of the tree deaths in Northern California have been linked to Sudden Oak Death in addition to an ongoing drought, but, the tragic die-off of trees is far from limited to California. In 2010, Hawaii’s well ohi’a trees began to die on the Big Island due to a disease now referred to as ohi’a disease, and scientists still don’t understand its origins or how to treat it. These are just a few examples of many in a wave of issues killing trees in many parts of America and around the world. 
‘The plight of the ohi’a is not unique – it’s part of a quiet crisis playing out in forests across America. Drought, disease, insects and wildfire are chewing up tens of millions of trees at an incredible pace, much of it driven by climate change.” [ Source ] 
Entire mountainsides are dying off in short order, leaving a bleak future for wildlife and residents. Some speculate that the widespread loss of trees due to such a wide conflagration of issues is a sign that trees, the most rugged of all plants, are in general weakened from an environment under complex attack by pollution and even climate engineering projects. 
“In California and in other parts of the world, many are making the connection between climate engineering these tree die-offs. Also known as geoengineering , this is the modification of the earth’s atmosphere with the supplementation of compounds and chemicals, ostensibly as a means of favorably influencing the climate.” [ Source ] 
Could be, although there is nothing like a consensus on the issue of why trees are in such a weakened state that so many are succumbing to so many issues. Thousands of trees killed by mountain pine beetles in western Rocky Mountain national park. 
A Planet Out of Balance “Natural ecosystems have been altered in various ways by nitrogen, sulfur, and mercury deposited in rain, snow, or as gases and particles in the atmosphere. Through decades of scientific research, scientists have documented how local, regional, and global sources of air pollution can produce profound changes in ecosystems. These changes include acidification of soils and surface waters, harmful algal blooms and low oxygen conditions in estuaries, reduced diversity of native plants, high levels of mercury in fish and other wildlife, and decreased tolerance to other stresses, such as pests, disease, and climate change.” – Issues in Ecology , Fall 2011 Edition –“Setting Limits – Using Air Pollution Thresholds to Protect and Restore U.S. Ecosystems” The web of life cannot be damaged in one area without the effects being felt elsewhere. Just as bees and other insects are dying off en masse by a number of causes, some known and unknown, trees are also harbingers of the health of our planet. With such little attention given to the state of this earth and so much attention given to the human and political dramas that occupy our attention 24/7, will the human race wake up and react in time to avert a major planetary crisis? What are your thoughts on this important and pressing issue? Please leave your comments below, and share this article far and wide. Read more articles by Alex Pietrowski . About the Author 
Alex Pietrowski is an artist and writer concerned with preserving good health and the basic freedom to enjoy a healthy lifestyle. He is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and Offgrid Outpost , a provider of storable food and emergency kits . Alex is an avid student of Yoga and life. 
This article ( Not Just Bees, Trees Are Dying Off at an Alarming Rate With Little Public Attention ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Alex Pietrowski and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. 
~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",1
19836,Vanity Fair: National Politics Are all About Donald Trump’s Wall - Breitbart,Neil Munro,"The fate of Donald Trump’s presidency depends on whether Sen. Chuck Schumer can block construction of the border wall, says Vanity Fair. [The magazine’s writer, T. A. Frank, is a liberal with some understanding of the Trump coalition and he argues that the Democrats hope to break Trump’s presidency by blocking funds for the wall:  Thwart Trump and he looks weak. You force him to break his signature promise. His agenda stalls. The Hispanic vote moves even more solidly to the left. The Democratic base gets energized, and Trump’s base gets demoralized and stays home in the next couple of elections. It’s  . That’s why Chuck Schumer has spoken of “shutting down the government” if Trump tries to get the wall going   …     People are now suggesting Trump has given up on the wall in all but rhetoric. And this would be momentous. If Trump’s wall is dead, then Trump’s presidency is dead, But Trump is still trying to get funds for the wall, in the face of uniform and public Democratic opposition plus widespread   opposition from GOP leaders. In a Friday, April 28 speech to the National Rifle Association, for example, he declared that: “We’ll build a wall. Don’t even think about [not getting a wall]. Don’t even think about it. Don’t even think about it. That’s an easy one. ” Amid unified Democratic opposition, Trump only has two choices, argues Vanity Fair: Trump’s options are limited. He could in theory play —  or have played —  a ruthless game to get his way, since Trump has the power to revoke the “deferred action for childhood arrivals” or DACA order that Barack Obama signed in order to shield those who have arrived here illegally as children. An icier type wouldn’t have hesitated to hold the fate of these people hostage for wall funding, employing rhetoric about the importance of tying today’s forgiveness to tomorrow’s prevention, and so on. But Trump shows few signs of being that callous, and he has conveyed only reassurances to the Dreamers. So threats of this sort will not be his approach. The second option would be to try to sell the wall —  and do a better job of it than he did with Ryancare   …     Trump could try to sell people on a vision of America with tighter labor markets [that push up higher wages] more equitable distribution of wealth, and less [civic] balkanization   …     He could pair this with a pitch for the wall, arguing that walls are peaceful and usually effective, and they reduce the need for more intrusive forms of enforcement such as workplace raids and deportation. But Trump has only figured out how to use the wall to sell himself. He never figured out how to use himself to sell the wall. Democrats oppose the wall, in large part, because it is an effective barrier that future politicians can’t remove, and is also a concrete symbol of Americans’ determination to block the flow of cheap labor,   customers, renters and future voters from Mexico to   cities along the coasts. But Trump also faces a huge problem in getting top GOP leaders to fund his plans for a wall, because the wall would shrink the flow of illegal immigrants sought by many business groups in Texas, Georgia and other red states. Throughout April, that   GOP opposition meant that GOP leaders failed to push Democrats to approve Trump’s request to build an additional 48 miles of border barrier in 2017. The requested $1 billion was blocked by Democrats, although congressional leaders say Trump will get the extra funds for other homeland security tasks in the 2017 supplemental budget, now slated for approval in early May. The   GOP opposition is cloaking itself as a supporter of alternatives to Trump’s permanent    barrier, such as an invisible fence of expensive sensors and border patrol agents which later can be switched off as soon as Trump leaves the White House. A wall “really means ‘security’   …     It could be open surveillance to prevent people from crossing,” Florida GOP Rep. Dennis Ross told Bloomberg in December. “It does not mean an actual wall. ” “I’ve always thought the wall was a metaphor for securing the border,” not an actual wall, claimed Wisconsin GOP Sen. Ron Johnson during an April CNN interview. “There will never be a   wall built, period,” claimed South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham, a   Republican. “I think it’s become symbolic of better border security. It’s a code word for better border security. If you make it about actually building a   wall, that’s a bridge too far. ” “I think a wall is anything that will stop people from coming into the country illegally,” claimed Pennsylvania GOP Rep. Lou Barletta. “It could be a variety of what can be used to be successful. ” House Speaker Paul Ryan is also downplaying the wall part of the wall. “Conditions on the ground determine what you need in a particular area,” he told CBS’s “60 Minutes. ” Immigration reformers are pushing Trump to fight for wall funding in the 2018 budget, due in October. “Construction of a border wall was one of the president’s signature promises during his campaign,” said a statement from the Federation for American Immigration Reform. As he has made clear, an effective border security plan would include a wall in areas of the border where it is a viable and effective deterrent and that other sections of the border would be enhanced by technology and additional manpower. We expect that the president will deliver on these commitments. Unfortunately, past versions of a ‘comprehensive border security plan’ have been ineffective because they did not require the laying of a single brick of border wall. Such a cosmetic approach was a precursor to amnesty and both have been consistently rejected by the American people. We look forward to seeing details of the president’s plan that will actually get the job done of securing our southern border. ” However, border security is only one component of a needed overhaul of immigration. Much more is expected by the American people and the White House must demand Congress pass meaningful reforms to eliminate the incentives for illegal immigration and create a legal immigration system that truly serves identifiable national interests. ” Read more about the wall here.",0
19837,"The Superglue Diet: How to Make a Lighter, Fuel-Sipping Car - The New York Times",Neal E. Boudette,"DETROIT  —   The 2017 GMC Acadia sport utility vehicle that is just starting to arrive in dealerships around the country is 700 pounds lighter than the version it replaces, and can go 23 miles on a gallon of gasoline, up from 18 m. p. g. a 28 percent improvement. One of the secrets to the big weight loss? Glue. Many of the steel parts of the Acadia’s underbody are held together not by rivets or welds but by advanced adhesives similar to those used in modern airplanes like the Boeing Dreamliner. Since this   bonds parts together all along the seam where they connect, not just in certain spots, the parts become stiffer. Because of the stiffness, General Motors is able in many cases to switch to thinner steel, helping the new Acadia shed pounds. The grades of steel are thinner by only about the width of a human hair, but “it’s all the little things that add up to the big number,” said Charlie Klein, executive director of G. M.’s global   reduction strategy. Automakers are racing to improve fuel efficiency to meet the increasing mileage standards that environmental regulators have set for the next nine years.   adhesives are being used more widely, just one of the many leaps manufacturers are taking to reduce weight and save fuel. But to continue their gains, automakers must find additional innovations. One promising technology on the horizon is a new type of   hybrid that draws power from a   battery, which is more powerful than a standard   auto battery but less expensive and less complicated than the power packs of 200 volts or more found in hybrids like the Toyota Prius. The   battery drives an electric motor that gives the engine an extra 20 or so horsepower, cutting fuel use in starts and acceleration. Mary Gustanski, vice president of engineering and program management at Delphi, an auto supplier that is going to produce   systems for car companies, believes these hybrids can improve the fuel economy of normal   cars by 15 percent or more with little additional cost. “Is it leaps and bounds?” she said. “No, but does it move us further along? Definitely. ” Hyundai Motor, the Korean automaker, is “working very hard on   technology,” said Michael O’Brien, the company’s vice president of corporate and product planning. He declined to say when those cars would be on the market. G. M. also expects to offer   cars in the United States market in the next few years, an executive said. Ms. Gustanski said Delphi’s technology would first appear in Europe and China in 2018. Continental, another supplier, plans to begin producing   systems for automakers by the end of this year. Even with new technologies, automakers still have a steep uphill climb to keep pace with   targets. By 2025, they are supposed to sell a fleet of vehicles that hits an average of 54. 5 miles per gallon. That number is based on a complicated formula that gives credits for reducing emissions from   and selling electric vehicles, among other things. In   driving, the target equals a fleet average of about 40 miles per gallon. The average for cars and light trucks that were sold in July was 25. 4 miles per gallon, according to the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute. Last month, a joint report from the Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department said automakers were probably able to reach only an average rating of about 50 miles per gallon by 2025  —   about 36 miles per gallon in   situations. The main problem is that low gasoline prices and the absence of high fuel taxes that are common in most other advanced industrial nations have enticed Americans to move away from cars and buy more pickup trucks and S. U. V. s, which score lower on fuel efficiency. Missing the 2025 target would result in higher levels of carbon dioxide emissions, which regulators are trying to reduce in a bid to battle climate change. Regulators have just begun a review of the   standards and by April 2018 must decide whether to ease them in some ways  —   a path automakers would prefer  —   or leave them unchanged. Automakers and regulators are at odds. At an industry conference in Michigan earlier this month, the E. P. A. ’s director for air quality, Christopher Grundler, shrugged off suggestions that the 2025 target should be lowered. He said the standards were “working spectacularly,” and noted that carmakers had made good progress and already offered many models that met the 2025 level. These include hybrid and   models from Ford Motor, Hyundai, Toyota and others, as well as pure electric vehicles like Tesla models and G. M.’s Chevrolet Bolt. Ford’s     pickup truck, when equipped with the company’s EcoBoost V6 engine, comes close to the 2025 requirement  —   23 miles per gallon in   driving  —   for vehicles of that size. Automakers agree that electric cars offer impressive   numbers, but counter that consumers buy too few of them to move the average number. The big challenge, they say, is in improving fuel economy in conventional   cars without adding so much cost that consumers turn away. “It is going to be extremely difficult for traditional powertrains to hit those targets in the last couple of years” leading to 2025, said Richard L. Gezelle, a senior program manager at Toyota. Toyota is one automaker that has less interest in   “mild” hybrids, as they are known in the industry. Mr. Gezelle said his company thought automakers would need to focus more on breakthrough technologies  —   such as electric cars and   fuel cell vehicles  —   that can meet the 2025 standard and continue improving fuel efficiency beyond then. For now, automakers are making gains from a series of technologies they started introducing about six years ago. These include shrinking the size of engines while adding turbocharging, which increases power and efficiency by forcing extra air into an engine. This approach enables a   engine to put out about the same power as a traditional V6, and a V6 to replace a V8. At the same time, automakers are hoping for advancements from a new wave of innovations. They include:   This system shuts off the engine when a car stops at a light or in traffic. Some vehicles already have this feature, but their rough restarts have turned off many consumers. Hybrids with   systems promise improvements. FREEWHEELING Also known as   coasting, this lets an engine shut off momentarily while a car is coasting, reducing fuel consumption. A hybrid car can use its electric motor to maintain cruising speed, letting the engine remain off longer. NEW MATERIALS Automakers already use more aluminum and advanced, lightweight steel. Now magnesium, which is a third lighter than aluminum, is appearing more frequently. Fiat Chrysler is using the metal in the tailgate of the 2017 Chrysler Pacifica minivan. CYLINDER DEACTIVATION For years engines have had the ability to shut off two or four cylinders to conserve fuel. Using new computer algorithms, Delphi, G. M. and Tula, a Silicon Valley tech company, are working on “dynamic skip fire,” a way of turning individual cylinders on and off as needed.",0
19838,,Harry Abrams,Think about this for one second. What are the British supposed to do now? It's not a reversible thing. Paksitan was created much the same way as Israel. Do you want to undo the creation of Pakistan? Then what?,1
19839,Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism – TruthFeed,nan,"Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism Videos By TruthFeedNews November 5, 2016 
Earlier we covered the revelation of the Podesta family’s odd SATANISM Fetish revealed by Wikileaks. 
Alex Jones goes in depth on the disgrace and many times occultists have tried to recruit him and drag him down to their level. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",1
19840,Reading the News in Times of Empire,shorty,"DISPATCHES FROM DANIEL ESPINOSA working to defeat the Big Lie in all its forms In the Manichean universe of US propaganda, the “bad guys” seem to be fond of killing children and bombing hospitals. Having clearly identified the bad guys, the US, its allies and mainstream media ask patiently for a hesitant international community to act on its “Responsibility to Protect”. By now it would seem mainstream media are tired of calling for humanitarian intervention in Eastern Aleppo to stop the Syrian Arab Army and Russian jets, tired of trotting out statistics and quotes from the terrorist/rebel-infested White Helmets (WHs) and the opposition-supporting Syrian Observatory of Human Rights, a one-man operation located in a London suburb, while completely ignoring civilian victims of a rebel force said to be composed of 50% al-Nusra (AKA al Qaeda terrorists. (1) Confident of their media cover, the WHs haven’t been smart enough to hide their ties with the notorious al-Nusra and other terrorist factions and are now in danger of being fairly discredited. (2) At the same time, the SOHR, probably designed as a short-term propaganda asset at a time when rebel/terrorist funding was still obscure and the world didn’t know it was actually Al-Nusra calling the shots in the ´moderate´ opposition side, is also losing credibility. But before the media is no longer able to sustain the lie even among their most uninformed victims, the chant of “the international community must act’ grows louder by the minute. But this time it’s not just client states, lapdog allies and some weak third world ‘regime’, subject to easy de-stabilization, otherwise it would be business as usual: subvert, demonize, invade, set up a facade regime and get ready for the next target. This time there’s Russia to reckon with. And Russia has her own independent reasons to be in Syria, ground zero for world terrorism. Gaddafi murdered by Washington-controlled jihadists. A mafia hit pure and simple, ordered by the biggest mafia outfit on earth. UK’s Daily Mirror, a typical media shill for the imperialists, whitewashing the ugliness of what its masters did. In all these sanctimonious exercises favored by the Western media, in reality little but a Ministry of Disinformation for global capitalism, we should notice the rigid script followed by the press, the lack of options when demanding interventions, as well as a complete lack of any kind of explanation of how their proposed intervention is supposed to take place, as if ‘humanitarian intervention’ meant some sort of magical way to end conflicts and save civilians, all of which shows their complete disregard for the recent past. Many journalists—who by dint of sheer ignorance (they too are subject to the brainwash afflicting most Americans, plus the pressures of careerism) are now lining up behind the ‘no-fly zone’ banner, some of them clearly not knowing exactly what it means, especially its sinister and extremely dangerous implications, but they know something better: Power (and their paychecks) demand it (again). As it did in 2003 when the official initial pretext to rally the country for war, Iraq´s Weapons of Mass Destruction narrative, was losing steam, the people of Iraq —according to our brave media—suddenly started to need ‘freedom’ and ‘protection’, to quote the usual doublespeak. Needles to say the very same same Powers which had ruthlessly imposed a brutal regime of sanctions that killed hundreds of thousands of children and women between 1991 and 2003, were now eager to deliver humanitarian aid. (3) T hose children passed unnoticed by our deeply concerned journalists while the tragedy of their slow-motion death was taking place; their pictures not used to call for any kind of humanitarian relief or intervention, as the corporate media attention to the suffering of civilians tends to be very selective, as Ed Herman and David Peterson explain with typical lucidity in The Politics of Genocide: “When we ourselves commit mass-atrocity crimes, the atrocities are Constructive , our victims are unworthy of our attention and indignation, and never suffer ‘genocide’ at our hands –like the Iraqi untermenschen who have died in such grotesque numbers over the past two decades. But when the perpetrator of mass-atrocity crimes is our enemy or a state targeted by us for destabilization and attack, the converse is true. Then the atrocities are Nefarious and their victims worthy of our focus, sympathy, public displays of solidarity, and calls for inquiry and punishment”. Eight years after Iraq’s 2003 invasion, history repeated itself in Libya, where another putative tyrant was ‘about to commit an atrocity against his own people’, as was suggested by European leaders and a deafening mainstream media chorus. Eventually, the Great Hegemon, with headquarters in Washington, also heard the call for action, and joined the crusade. (Actually, the whole ruse had been plotted in close coordination in the true axis of evil of our time, the Washington-London-Paris triad of international gangsterism, with Obama’s regime this time playing the coy, reluctant imperialist furnishing largely logistical and intel support). According to the British House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, which was “unable to visit Tripoli, Benghazi, Tobruk or anywhere else in Libya due to the collapse of internal security and the rule of law” in 2016, “…out of a total Libyan population of 6.3 million people, 3 million people have been impacted by the armed conflict, and 2.4 million people require protection and some form of humanitarian assistance”. (4) For its part, the Human Rights Watch stated, also in 2016, that “…Forces engaged in the conflict continued with impunity to arbitrarily detain, torture, unlawfully kill, indiscriminately attack, abduct and disappear, and forcefully displace people from their homes. The domestic criminal justice system collapsed in most parts of the country, exacerbating the human rights crisis”. (5) This seems to be the paradoxical result of a recent ‘humanitarian intervention’ from which the mainstream media is not morally prepared to take any valuable lessons. Of course, the paradox is nothing of the sort when you understand the real reasons behind the intervention, regarding the French government, and particularly its ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy, as stated by a US State Department intelligence advisor: “A desire to gain a greater share of Libya oil production; Improve his internal political situation in France”, among other supposedly deeply humanitarian causes. The US State Department, as expected, went along with the farce. B ut what is exactly a no-fly zone? According to US Army General Martin Dempsey in a letter to the US Congress in 2013: “This option uses lethal force to prevent the regime from using its military aircraft to bomb and resupply. It would extend air superiority over Syria by neutralizing the regime’s advanced, defense integrated air defense system. It would also shoot down adversary aircraft and strike airfields, aircraft on the ground, and supporting infrastructure… Risks include the loss of U.S. aircraft, which would require us to insert personnel recovery forces. It may also fail to reduce the violence…” And going back to the House of Commons assessments of 2016, when “…France and UK argued that the international community should simply impose a no-fly zone… former US Ambassador to NATO, Ivo Daalder, pointed out: ´Cameron was pushing for a no-fly zone, but in the US there was great skepticism. A no-fly zone wasn´t effective in Bosnia, it wasn’t effective in Iraq, and probably wasn’t going to be effective in Libya… Gaddafi was attacking people. A no-fly zone wasn’t going to stop him. Instead, to stop him we would need to bomb his forces attacking people.’” Of course, Daalder was describing the ineffectiveness of a NFZ while pushing for stronger measures. The crime of “optional imperialist war” remained the same, regardless of the methods eventually used. Similarities with the Syrian ‘civilian’ uprising of 2011 abound, as UK Former Chief of Defense Staff Lord Richards of Herstmonceux later confirmed, intelligence on the composition of the rebel militias was not ‘as good as one would wish’, and when these rebels with affiliations to Al-Qaeda finally got their hands on the “tyrant”—a man who had on numerous occasions been feted in Italy and France’s capitals, and who had built one of the most advanced social safety nets for his people—they simply do what jackals do, they tortured and murdered him, with the mainstream media, particularly in England and the US, reacting in a fashion that would make hyenas look like sheep: under headlines like “Mad Dog Put Down” most front pages showed gruesome pictures of Gaddafi’s last moments, the word ’murdered’ nowhere to be found. Demonized “tyrants” aren´t murdered, they are executed or, as the New York Post stated: “Killed by a Yankee Fan”, in a humorous reference to a boy wearing a New York Yankees cap among the killers. (6) The New York Times’ Kareem Fahim refers to the “trophies of war”, in an article filled with pictures of Gaddafi’s and one of his sons’ dead bodies surrounded by cheering men, where any other “trophy”, as his golden gun, is only mentioned briefly to give the idea he isn´t referring to the corpses. (7) Andrew Gilligan wrote in the Telegraph: “the one thing Gaddafi retained to the very end was his ability to put on a show…” (8). Ability shared by many journalists when cheering for interventions known for causing worse catastrophes than those that supposedly caused the intervention in the first place. Many rationales are given for the explicit, openly celebratory content. As Chris Elliot, The Guardian’s reader’s editor explains: “ On reflection – and having read the complaints – I feel less convinced about the way we used these photographs, although I still feel strongly that they are an important part of this story and should have been used. The scale of the photo on the newspaper front page of 21 October and prominent picture use on the website took us too close to appearing to revel in the killing rather than reporting it”. (Emphasis added). This reveling over Gaddafi’s corpse reflects the celebration of an establishment victory by its subservient propaganda media, but it also served to focus attention away from the unlawful killing of many others, and the exact details of how the killing took place. As Media Lens observed: “…but there was more than the lonely killing of a “tyrant” that went unreported. Human Rights Watch reported that between six and ten people appeared to have been executed at the scene of the Libyan leader’s capture. Around 95 bodies were found in the immediate vicinity, many of them victims of NATO airstrikes. In fact, it is clear that NATO, with the assistance of Special Forces (although ground troops were strictly forbidden by UN resolution 1973), had maintained a no-drive zone around Sirte: a crucial factor facilitating the murder of Gaddafi. CBS reported 572 bodies ‘and counting’ in Sirte, including 300, ‘many of them with their hands tied behind their backs and shot in the head’, collected and buried in a mass grave”. (9) (Emphasis added) There should be little doubt regarding the reasons behind the selective use of pictures of bloodied children by mainstream media (and many NGOs), especially when they endorse calls for ‘humanitarian intervention’ against governments previously targeted for regime change, as it has already been clearly established in the case of Syria long before the 2011 uprising, via many US secret documents revealed by WikiLeaks. Propaganda is particularly transparent in this case: create a sense of guilt and impotence, prepare public opinion to demand what has already been planned elsewhere, in the darker councils of unaccountable power. The scandalous double-standard that selectively shows the suffering of “worthy” children while hiding the pain and death of those victimized for sordid reasons by the “Exceptional Nation” and its equally murderous accomplices dressed in civilized garb, is the great hypocrisy of our time, flowing smoothly from its deeply corrupt DNA. The obvious options such as putting an end to the funding of ‘moderates’ by the US, in reality the open funding of terrorists, is never considered, as important facts contradicting the official imperialist narrative are systematically omitted by the “Free Press.” Notes: Ruptly Tv. LIVE: UN Security Council meets to discuss situation in Syria. ( Online Video clip) Youtube, published on 09/25/16. [Recoverd: 10/13/16 (CHECK min. 28) at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx3XbFYqOoo] RT. ‘Intl. community still financing & protecting terrorists’ –Mother Agnes . (Online video clip) Youtube, published 10/25/16 [recovered 10/28/16 from: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbUTnSsNbfc ] Shah, Anup. Effects on Iraq Sanctions . (Global Issues, 10/02/05) [http://www.globalissues.org/article/105/effects-of-sanctions] House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee. Libya: Examination of intervention and collapse and the UK’s future policy options. Third Report of Session 2016-17 (UK Parliament, 09/14/16) [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201617/cmselect/cmfaff/119/119.pdf] Quoted in HCFAC (note 4). The Guardian. Gaddafi dead: the front pages – In pictures . (The Guardian, 10/21/11) [https://www.theguardian.com/media/gallery/2011/oct/21/gaddafi-dead-front-pages] Fahim, Kareem. After Making Capture in Pipe, Displaying the Trophies of War . (New York Times, 10/20/11) [ http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/21/world/africa/brutalized-libyan-city-rejoices-with-gruesome-trophies-of-war.html ] Quoted in: Media Lens. Killing Gaddafi . (Media Lens, 10/27/11) [http://www.medialens.org/index.php/alerts/alert-archive/2011/653-killing-gaddafi.html] Ibid. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Associate Editor Daniel Espinosa Winder (34) lives in Caraz, a small city in the Andes of Peru. He graduated in Communication Sciences in Lima and started researching mainstream media and more specifically, propaganda. His writings are a often a critique of the role of mass media in our society. Daniel also serves as Editorial Director for TGP’s Spanish Language edition. =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",1
19841,CLINTON CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN HAD MULTIPLE DINNERS WITH TOP DOJ OFFICIAL DURING HILLARY'S EMAIL INVESTIGATION,nan,"Email 

The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, the Democrat’s campaign chairman, met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. 
The dinner arrangement, revealed in hacked Podesta emails released by Wikileaks, is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state’s email practices. 
Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta’s birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik’s son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. 
The exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign’s “cozy relationship” with the Obama Justice Department, one former U.S. Attorney tells The Daily Caller.",1
19842,Jewish Voter Threatened By Crowbar Weilding Man Shouting ’Kill All the Jews’ at London Polling Station,Donna Rachel Edmunds,"A man was arrested outside a polling station Thursday evening, after shouting   abuse at a Jewish voter and threatening people with a crowbar. [The man launched into a vicious tirade, shouting “Fucking Jews! Kill all the Jews! What are you doing here?” at a Jewish man as he arrived at the polling station at Clapham Common, Stamford Hill, to cast his ballot in the general election.  Staff were forced to intervene, leading the “frightened” voter to safety, the Evening Standard has reported. At about 5pm the attacker returned, shouting more abuse at voters and wielding a crowbar, at which point the police were called to the scene. They arrested the culprit on suspicion of a racially or religiously aggravated public order offence. The Jewish neighbourhood watch group Shomrim has reported the incident, thanking the polling station staff for their help. Man at polling station shouting ”F***ing Jews, kill all the Jews, what are you doing here” #Shomrim alerted @MPSHackney who arrested suspect pic. twitter.   —   Shomrim N. E. London (@Shomrim) June 8, 2017,  Shomrim spokesman Chaim Hochhauser said: “This was a frightening experience for the victim. “I would like to thank the woman at the polling station who came to the aid of the victim and helped him leave the premises to find a safe place. “Shomrim are supporting the victim and assisting with the Police investigation. ” A spokeswoman for the Met Police said: ““Officers attended and a man was arrested on suspicion of a   aggravated public order offence. “He has since been taken to an east London police station for questioning. “There are no reported injuries. Enquiries continue. ” The incident is the latest in a spate of   attacks on Britain’s streets. Last week a 16    was beaten and punched by a group of five boys, at least one of whom was described in a Facebook account of the attack as being from an “ethnic minority background” who told the girl “Hitler should have killed all you Jews when he had the chance”.",0
19843,Telegraph “Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account – TruthFeed,Amy Moreno,"Telegraph “Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account Telegraph “Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 10, 2016 
Monisha Rajesh, who is a “journalist” for Telegraph, called for the assassination of Donald Trump on Twitter. 
She was instantly called out, and then deleted the tweet. 
However, slews of screen shots were captured and the information went viral which prompted this “journalist” to delete her entire twitter account. 
https://twitter.com/GoosesTweets/status/796771781520592896 
— Trump Vol (@DamnVol) November 10, 2016 . @SecretService again, just in case @monisha_rajesh deletes the tweet, which it looks like she has. pic.twitter.com/3l3MhL0MXL 
— The Coonskin Cap (@TheCoonskinCap) November 10, 2016 Apparently @monisha_rajesh has deleted the tweet and also deactivated her account 😉😂 https://t.co/wgrqWfmevT 
These violent and emotionally unstable liberal idiots need to be held accountable for their actions. 
Please contact Telegraph and DEMAND they fire this idiot. 
Telegraph Twitter page here . 
Facebook page here . 
Email : telegraphenquiries@ telegraph.co.uk Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",1
19844,Judge Allows Testimony of Another Accuser in Cosby Case - The New York Times,Graham Bowley,"A judge ruled Friday that one additional woman who says Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her will be permitted to testify at his trial later this year on charges that he sexually assaulted a former Temple University staff member in 2004. Legal experts have said that the account of a second woman describing what she said was an act of sexual assault could strengthen the case against Mr. Cosby, 79, who has denied any misconduct. But the judge’s decision was far from a full victory for prosecutors in Montgomery County, Pa. who had sought to introduce testimony from 13 women who have accused Mr. Cosby of assaulting them. The prosecutors had told Judge Steven T. O’Neill of the Court of Common Pleas that the testimony of the group of women was important in showing a pattern of conduct by Mr. Cosby that bolstered the account of Andrea Constand, the former Temple employee. Judge O’Neill agreed to allow the testimony of the one woman, identified only as “Prior Alleged Victim Six,” in a   decision that briefly discussed his legal reasoning. The judge said that he had considered the evidence, the legal arguments and aimed for “a careful balancing of the probative value of the other acts evidence and the prejudice to the Defendant. ” While the judge’s decision was too brief to completely understand his reasoning, the account given by the woman is similar to that given by Ms. Constand, who says she was drugged and sexually assaulted at the entertainer’s home near Philadelphia. Two years ago, the new witness appeared at a news conference, alongside her lawyer, Gloria Allred, where she was identified only as Kacey and described working as an assistant to Mr. Cosby’s agent at the William Morris Agency in the 1990s. She and Mr. Cosby were friendly, she said, and once had dinner at his home where they both read from a script, their scene ending in a passionate kiss that made her uncomfortable. Then, she said, she went to lunch at his California hotel bungalow in 1996 where, she said, she passed out after he gave her a “large white pill,” and woke up in bed next to Mr. Cosby, who was naked beneath an open robe. “Once Prior Victim Number Six was incapacitated, defendant sexually assaulted her,” prosecutors said in court papers last year. The woman said at the news conference that she never pressed charges because she feared retaliation. Mr. Cosby has denied all the allegations of sexual assault and has described his encounter with Ms. Constand as consensual. His spokesman, Andrew Wyatt, declined to comment on the ruling. Mr. Cosby’s legal team is expected to challenge Ms. Constand’s credibility. Legal experts said the judge’s ruling made that job more difficult, but that the admittance of testimony from multiple women would have been significantly more damaging. “He has two people to challenge rather than just one in that sense, it’s a defeat,” said Dennis McAndrews, a Pennsylvania lawyer and former prosecutor. But, he added: “If five or more had been admitted, it would have been devastating for his case. It is easier to attack the testimony of two. ” Mr. Cosby’s lawyers had fought to block the women’s accounts, which had not been the subject of criminal complaints or adjudicated at trial, and which they disparaged as vague. “There has never been a shred of physical evidence to support such claims, they have never been reported to any authority and today their stories of ‘that night spent partying with a famous celebrity’ are based solely on the tainted, unreliable memories of women, now in their senior years, recalling alleged events from a single encounter from the 1960s, 1970s or 1980s,” his lawyers Brian J. McMonagle and Angela C. Agrusa said in court papers in October. Ordinarily, prosecutors cannot introduce evidence or accusations of prior bad behavior because it is viewed as too prejudicial for a jury as it considers the facts of the single case before it. But in Pennsylvania, as in other states, such evidence is permitted when it shows conduct so similar it can be argued that it demonstrates a common scheme or plan, a kind of unique signature of the defendant. Prosecutors characterized the accounts of the 13 women as being similar to Ms. Constand’s in that the women said Mr. Cosby had befriended or mentored them, gave them a pill or other intoxicant, and that when they awoke hours later, they said, they had been sexually abused. Kevin R. Steele, the Montgomery County District Attorney, on Friday described the judge’s ruling as important, saying, “The jury will now be allowed to assess evidence that is relevant to establishing a common plan, scheme and design of sexual abuse. ” For many of the women, testifying represented a final opportunity to confront Mr. Cosby legally. Most never came forward decades ago, when they say the episodes occurred, and have been unable to bring civil cases against Mr. Cosby because the statutes of limitation have expired. On Friday, Ms. Allred congratulated the 13, seven of whom were at least once her clients, saying, “Even though they will not be able to testify in this case, they have been very important in the effort to seek justice. ” For prosecutors, there is a risk in introducing prior bad acts as evidence. In one recent case where such evidence helped lead to a conviction, the decision was overturned by an appeals court that found the admission of the evidence had, in fact, prejudiced the jury. The case involved a senior official in the Roman Catholic Church in Philadelphia who had been convicted on charges related to failing to stop child sexual abuse by some priests. Isabelle A. Kirshner, a criminal defense lawyer in New York who is not involved in the case, said that by only allowing one of the women in, Judge O’Neill had reduced the chance that any verdict would be reversed on appeal. As for the Cosby team, she said, “I am sure that they are not happy another witness is coming in, but given that they wanted 13, this is a victory for him. ” In December, in another crucial decision, Judge O’Neill ruled that deposition testimony, given by Mr. Cosby in a separate 2005 lawsuit filed by Ms. Constand, could be admitted as evidence in the coming criminal trial. In the deposition, Mr. Cosby admitted to affairs and acknowledged obtaining quaaludes as part of his efforts to have sex with women. Mr. Cosby is seeking a change of venue for the trial, now set for Norristown, Pa. or for jurors to be brought in from another county, arguing that he has been harmed by negative publicity and   media coverage. A hearing on that motion is scheduled for Monday.",0
19845,Pennsylvania Abortion Clinic Shut Down by Health Department,Dr. Susan Berry,"A Harrisburg, Pennsylvania abortion clinic has been shut down after the state Department of Health found serious violations affecting the safety and health of patients. [State Secretary of Health Dr. Karen Murphy ordered the Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center to suspend its services following a June 5 unannounced inspection found “serious deficiencies and violations,” said a press release.  Three Pennsylvania state senators responded to the report of Hillcrest’s violations with questions about why the Department of Health (DOH) has not revoked the abortion clinic’s license, reports CatholicNewsLive. Hillcrest has violated the state’s health laws four times in the past six years. State Sens. Joe Scarnati (R) Bob Mensch (R) and John DiSanto (R) wrote to Murphy: The DOH inspection report portrays a facility which is clearly unsafe and unhealthy for both patients and staff alike. Given this, we would like an explanation as to why DOH did not immediately move to suspend or revoke Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center’s license upon finding such numerous egregious violations. These health and safety violations are obviously deeply troubling. However, even more problematic appears to be DOH’s response, which was to allow the abortion clinic to continue operating while granting Hillcrest a six month grace period to correct the cited “deficiencies. ” During an inspection in February, the abortion clinic was found to have improper staffing  —   no registered nurse on staff, and failure to show documentation that its physician was a board eligible   the Department of Health’s report says. Hillcrest was also found to have failed compliance with the state’s Child Protective Services Law. The clinic has been treating girls younger than 18 years of age, though at least eight staff members had not had the background checks required for working with children. According to the report, the Department of Health reviewed 12 patient records and found all 12 patients had no nursing care or monitoring while recovering from anesthesia administered during surgical abortion. Murphy said in the department’s statement: The health and safety of patients served at any Pennsylvania health care facility is a top priority of the Wolf Administration. On Monday, Department of Health staff conducted an unannounced monitoring visit to Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center. The department concluded that it was no longer safe for the facility to continue providing medical services to patients. Therefore, I have ordered the facility to suspend all services until such time that it can demonstrate it is safe for women to receive care. While the June inspection found that a registered nurse was on the premises, additional violations were identified  —   including expired sterilization and medical supplies  —   that led to the decision to close the clinic. “The Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center deserved to be closed down, but the truth is that the March deficiency report was far from the worst we have seen in our research of abortion facilities,” says   Operation Rescue president Troy Newman. “All abortion facilities that cannot pass health inspections should be closed. We urge every state to conduct unannounced inspections of abortion facilities so they can see the real conditions and practices women face at these abortion dumps on an everyday basis. ” Hillcrest’s violations come after Pennsylvania enacted a law in 2011 requiring abortion clinics to be subject to unannounced inspections. The law was passed following the case of West Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell, who was convicted in 2013 of murdering babies born alive during abortions by cutting their spinal cords. Gosnell, who operated a clinic that became known as the “house of horrors” because of its filthy conditions, also was found guilty in the death of one of his patients. The abortion industry and its political and media allies continue to fight against states in court that pass health and safety laws that would raise the standard of care in abortion clinics to those of other outpatient treatment facilities. The abortion lobby claims these laws are unfair to women who wish to access the procedure. In its latest investigative report,   organization Americans United for Life (AUL) provides details of hundreds of violations of state laws regulating abortion clinics. The   report, titled “Unsafe: The Public Health Crisis in America’s Abortion Clinics Endangers Women,” challenges the narrative advanced by abortion advocates that the U. S. Supreme Court’s decision in the recent Texas case of Whole Woman’s Health vs. Hellerstedt prevents state legislatures from requiring health and safety standards in abortion clinics.",0
19846,Madonna Drops F-Bombs at Anti-Trump Rally: ’I’ve Thought a Lot About Blowing Up the White House’,Jerome Hudson,"Madonna railed against the Trump administration Saturday at the Women’s March on Washington and confessed during her   speech that’s she’s been thinking about “blowing up the White House. ”[“Yes, I’m angry. Yes, I’m outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House, but I know that this won’t change anything,” Madonna told the crowd to roaring applause.   Are you ready to shake up the world?” Madonna asked the crowd. “Welcome to the revolution of love, to the rebellion, to out refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny, where not just women are in danger but all regionalized people. Where being uniquely different, right now, might truly be considered a crime. ” Moments later, Madonna dropped the   on live TV. According to The Hollywood Reporter, “The singer’s remarks aired uncensored on   CNN and MSNBC. ” “It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake us the fuck up. ” she said. The pop   performed two of her biggest songs “Express Yourself” and “Human Nature. ” During the latter, Madonna changed the song’s lyric to say “Donald Trump —  suck a dick. ” She also led the crowd of   revelers in a chant: “I’m not your bitch. ” Madonna also sent a vulgar message to her and protester’s “detractors. ” “And to our detractors that insist that this march will never add up to anything, fuck you! Fuck You!” she said. Madonna at #WomensMarch: “It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake the f —   up. ” pic. twitter.   —   Hollywood Reporter (@THR) January 21, 2017,  ",0
19847,"Dershowitz: Special Counsel Is Wrong Choice, Except to Investigate Leaks - Breitbart",Joel B. Pollak,"Harvard Law School emeritus professor, liberal Democrat, and noted defense lawyer Alan Dershowitz has penned an   in the Hill opposing the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation into possible ties between President Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and the Russian government. [Dershowitz makes a   case against the special counsel. First, he says, the Trump campaign is not facing criminal accusations. Second, he says, even if collusion were to be found between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, or if Trump were found to have divulged secrets to the Russian foreign minister, none of that would be illegal, and ought to be punished by voters, not prosecutors. Third, he argues, Trump’s decision to fire James Comey does not constitute obstruction of justice, and a special counsel could not impeach him anyway.  The only legitimate targets of a special counsel, Dershowitz says, would be “those current and former intelligence officials who willfully leaked classified and highly secret information to the media” over the past several months. He concludes: So what will the special prosecutor be doing? The short answer is that we don’t know and may never know, because he will be operating in secret. His most powerful weapon will be the grand jury, which has the power to subpoena witnesses to be questioned without their lawyers behind closed doors. It is a crime to disclose or leak grand jury testimony (except in special situations). At the end of his super secret investigations, the special counsel has essentially three options: he can issue indictments and prosecute the defendants, he can issue a statement that no indictments are warranted and close down his investigation, or he can issue a report. If he were to issue a report, it would be   and based on an investigation not geared towards knowing the whole truth, but rather to develop and present to the grand jury sufficient evidence to show probable cause that a crime may have been committed. The grand jury hears only one side  —   the prosecutor’s. A report, based on no criminal investigation, is likely to be   and incomplete. Dershowitz writes that he would have preferred to see “a   investigatory commission to uncover the whole truth” about Russia’s role in the election. Read Dershowitz’s entire   here. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19848,Conflicting Accounts Emerge After Treaty Camp Police Action,Angel - NYC,"Indian Country – by Theresa Braine 
More details are emerging about yesterday’s police action on Highway 1806 about three miles from the Cannonball River. Commencing shortly before noon, a large contingent of heavily armed officers worked to clear a route for Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL) trenches in a relentless push that resulted in numerous instances of violent confrontations, culminating in the seizure of the newly established Treaty Camp and removal of a number of tents, tipis and sweat lodges. 
The Morton County Sheriff’s Department said that 141 people had been arrested and that at least one bullet had been fired from the frontlines. 
“Officers met violence and resistance including a protester who fired a gun at officers in the police line, protesters who threw molotov cocktails at them and set vehicles and debris on fire,” the sheriff’s office said in a post on Facebook . 
An AP news story cites state spokesperson Cecily Wong describing a woman who drew a .38 caliber pistol and firing three times at officers, an account disputed by activists and not recorded on any of the on-the-scene video or live feeds currently circulating. 
However, tribal law enforcement apprehended a heavily-armed man crouched in a creek with apparent connections to a private security firm hired by DAPL’s builders. The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe posted a description of the incident on its Facebook page . A man was apprehended carrying an assault rifle, with papers indicating he was employed by a private security firm, according to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. 
“As reported via video evidence from the front lines on 10-27-16. A man bearing an assault rifle broke thru a barricade and was speeding toward the Oceti Sakowin camp, he was run off the road 1/4 mile north from the Camp. The man exited the vehicle where he appeared to be disguised as a water protector. He than fired several shots from his assault rifle. Tribal Law Enforcement responded, the man was then apprehended. Insurance Documents from the vehicle reveal that it is owned by Dakota Access Pipeline. We commend the BIA Law Enforcement to their commitment of public safety and for their quick response and apprehension of the suspect, who was clearly meaning to do harm.” 
A statement by the Camp of the Sacred Stones, one of three prayer camps set up near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, catalogued exactly how the unarmed protectors were met by lots of firepower: “Over 300 police officers in riot gear, 8 ATVs, 5 armored vehicles, 2 helicopters, and numerous military-grade humvees showed up north of the newly formed frontline camp just east of Highway 1806. The 1851 Treaty Camp was set up this past Sunday directly in the path of the pipeline, on land recently purchased by DAPL. Today this camp, a reclamation of unceded Lakota territory affirmed as part of the Standing Rock Reservation in the Ft. Laramie Treaty of 1851, was violently cleared. Both blockades established this past weekend to enable that occupation were also cleared.” 
At least one sniper atop a Humvee scanned the crowd of protectors. People and horses were shot at with beanbag guns, noise concussion devices were used, and fire-extinguisher-sized canisters of tear gas and mace were deployed. Police used pepper spray and mace liberally. (Photo: Savannah Joe/Facebook) 
Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II blasted the use of force, the continued construction and the numerous violations of civil and human rights. 
“We have repeatedly seen a disproportionate response from law enforcement to water protectors’ nonviolent exercise of their constitutional rights,” he said in a statement. “Today we have witnessed people praying in peace, yet attacked with pepper spray, rubber bullets, sound and concussion cannons. We urge state and federal government agencies to give this tense situation their immediate and close attention.” 
He noted that DAPL parent company Energy Transfer Partners had completely ignored the request by the administration of President Barack Obama to voluntarily halt construction while the legal issues raised by the tribe were resolved. 
“By deploying law enforcement to support DAPL construction, the State of North Dakota is collaborating with Energy Transfer Partners and escalating tensions,” Archambault said. “We need our state and federal governments to bring justice and peace to our lands, not the force of armored vehicles.” 
Archambault urged everyone who supports Standing Rock’s efforts to divert or halt the pipeline to remain peaceful and prayerful and not resort to violence or lash out in anger. 
“Any act of violence hurts our cause and is not welcome here,” he said. “We invite all supporters to join us in prayer that, ultimately, the right decision—the moral decision—is made to protect our people, our sacred places, our land and our resources. We won’t step down from this fight. As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.” 
Firsthand accounts bore stark witness to the events as they happened, via Facebook live feeds, social media posts and other dispatches from the front lines. 
Dallas Goldtooth, organizer of the Keep It in the Ground movement with the Indigenous Environmental Network, posted updates throughout the day. 
“President Obama had asked that work stop within 20 miles of river yet National Guard were used to clear the way for yesterday’s police sweep & DAPL construction,” he wrote. “DAPL security forces were part of the invasion. They had armed men with AR-15 and had malicious intent to sneak into the camp.” 
He said that men and women had been pulled out of a sweat lodge ceremony at gunpoint. 
“The similarities to Wounded Knee cannot be ignored. There was potential last night to turn a peaceful protest into a major tragedy,” he wrote. 
Goldtooth also contrasted such treatment of unarmed water protectors with the acquittal, on the same day, of the armed militia who took over Malheur Wildlife Refuge. 
“The racial undertones of yesterday’s actions cannot be ignored,” Goldtooth wrote. “Armed white men stand off against police in Oregon: Acquitted. Unarmed water protectors in North Dakota: Concussion grenades, rubber bullets and batons.” 
He said that North Dakota police’s characterization of them as “armed vigilantes” was patently false. Jesus Wagner was shot in the face with a rubber bullet. (Photo: Facebook) 
“The only weapons on site yesterday were in the hands of militarized police,” he wrote. “Assault rifles, snipers, concussion grenades, batons, etc.” 
The harm was not limited to humans. Riders on horseback were also assaulted, and one horse was killed. 
“Horseback riders were attacked by police on ATVS resulting in one horse being hurt so severely that it had to be put down,” Goldtooth said. “There were national guard humvees on site with snipers stationed on top.” 
Not even medical personnel were immune. 
“They sprayed me with my hands up and my back to them, with all my medic markings clearly showing. They sprayed me head to toe,” said one man in a Facebook post by the Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council. “They pointed shotguns at me. They pointed shotguns at my back while I was treating patients.” 
Jon Eagle Sr., Tribal Historic Preservation Officer of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, spoke of the heartbreak. 
“My heart hurts,” he said on Facebook. “Because of the actions of a few, many people were hurt today. People were shot with rubber bullets and beanbags. They used pepper spray, percussion grenades and sound cannons. Numerous arrests. I can’t believe what I witnessed today and it’s still going on. Prayers for the protectors tonight.” 
There were uplifting moments as well. As the conflict escalated, a woman yelled at everyone to “look at the buffalo!” 
“We all turned to the east to see a herd of buffalo come charging,” Eagle said. “Behind them were young warriors on horse back. Police in ATV’s charged after them. There were shots fired. The young men rode through the line of ATV’s and made their get away. A war cry went up from the crowd. I’m proud to say we are still the greatest light cavalry in the world!” 
Many activists and protectors used social media to describe feelings of nausea, light-headedness and sickness after returning to the camps near Standing Rock, and also this morning as a new, uncertain day dawned on the plains. 
Read more at http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2016/10/28/conflicting-accounts-emerge-after-treaty-camp-police-action-166259",1
19849,WikiLeaks: CIA ’Pandemic’ Malware Infected Servers to Spread Virus to Computers - Breitbart,Lucas Nolan,"In the most recent installment of WikiLeak’s CIA Vault 7 series, the whistleblowing group has published details on a server virus codenamed “Pandemic. ”[In the latest leak, published on Thursday, WikiLeaks outlines the use of the CIA’s “Pandemic” project. This leak is a virus that targets Windows computers, sharing files with remote users in a local network. WikiLeaks described the program on their website writing,  “Today, June 1st 2017, WikiLeaks publishes documents from the ‘Pandemic’ project of the CIA, a persistent implant for Microsoft Windows machines that share files (programs) with remote users in a local network. ‘Pandemic’ targets remote users by replacing application code    with a trojaned version if the program is retrieved from the infected machine. To obfuscate its activity, the original file on the file server remains unchanged it is only   while in transit from the pandemic file server before being executed on the computer of the remote user. The implant allows the replacement of up to 20 programs with a maximum size of 800 MB for a selected list of remote users (targets). ” “As the name suggests, a single computer on a local network with shared drives that is infected with the ‘Pandemic’ implant will act like a ‘Patient Zero’ in the spread of a disease. It will infect remote computers if the user executes programs stored on the pandemic file server. Although not explicitly stated in the documents, it seems technically feasible that remote computers that provide file shares themselves become new pandemic file servers on the local network to reach new targets. ” Documentation published by WikiLeaks states that the virus is installed via a minifilter device driver. Jake Williams, a malware expert at Rendition InfoSec, spoke to Ars Technica about the virus stating, “This code looks like it was developed with a very specific use in mind. Many larger organizations don’t use Windows file servers to serve files. They use special built storage devices (network attached storage). My guess here would be that this was designed to target a relatively small organization. ” Williams worked at the National Security Agency’s elite Tailored Access Operation until 2013 and believes that WikiLeaks may be withholding some documentation relating to Pandemic. “If you handed me this tool, I don’t have enough information to make it go,” he said. “There’s more documentation than this. It’s anyone’s guess as to why it wasn’t released. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
19850,Sick Hillary Needed a Doctor in the Oval Office during Coughing Fit,Brenda Walker, ,1
19851,Marvel’s ‘Inhumans’ TV Series Will Arrive via Imax Theaters - The New York Times,Brooks Barnes,"LOS ANGELES  —   One of Marvel Entertainment’s most sprawling superhero mythologies, the Inhumans, is headed to the small screen in a major way. But the Inhuman likes of Black Bolt, Crystal and Lockjaw, the teleporting dog, will first appear on big screens. As in the biggest. Imax Corporation, Marvel and the ABC broadcast network announced a partnership on Monday to introduce  —   and finance  —   a lavish new television series that will focus on the Inhuman royal family. Under the agreement, a version that combines the initial two episodes of “Marvel’s The Inhumans,” shot entirely with Imax cameras, will play exclusively for two weeks next September on Imax screens worldwide. Shortly thereafter, the episodes  —   edited to include additional scenes  —   will run on ABC, with new installments unspooling in typical   fashion. (The look of the series on TV will be enhanced due to Imax technology.) The series, billed as a family   with signature Marvel humor, will be set in the present day, with some action seeming to take place on the moon. The deal is significant for several reasons. As their live audiences have dwindled and competition has increased, broadcast networks have struggled to create sizzle around new shows. ABC, which urgently needs new hits, is betting that Imax, with its strength among younger consumers known as fanboys, will help make “The Inhumans” a   event. “In the incredibly crowded marketplace of television, we are very excited about this because it’s a unique and innovative and bold way to debut our best new content,” Ben Sherwood, president of   Television Group, said by phone. The deal also indicates that Disney remains focused on telling Marvel stories on ABC after an unexceptional start to that effort. “Marvel’’s Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D. ” has brought more male viewers to ABC, but it has been only a modest ratings performer. Another effort, “Agent Carter,” was a misfire. ABC wants what Marvel Television and ABC Studios have supplied to Netflix  —     widely watched series like “Luke Cage” and “Daredevil. ” A   arrangement with Imax will allow ABC and Marvel to spend more to make “The Inhumans,” which will include   visual effects. (One criticism of “Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D. ” has been that certain action sequences are less than dazzling.) Imax has never before served as a financing participant in a TV series, according to Richard L. Gelfond, the company’s chief executive. “We think this is a business for us,” Mr. Gelfond said of the financing arrangement. “Because Imax has an equity participation both in the pilot and in the series, this deal will be financially advantageous to Imax on an ongoing basis. ” Imax has dabbled in the past at showing TV content on its supersize screens. Last year, for instance, it played a couple of Season 4 episodes of “Game of Thrones. ” But a series has never before made its debut through Imax, which has more than 1, 000 locations worldwide. “We see it as a way to extend the Imax brand and diversify our revenue,” Mr. Gelfond said. In particular, he hopes television content could help draw crowds to Imax locations at times of the year  —   like fall  —   when there is a dearth of   movies. Imax worked for years to find a winning strategy for quieter times at the box office most recently it tried showing films aimed at older audiences, which delivered weak results. “We’re confident our exhibition partners will be excited about this,” Mr. Gelfond said. “The response from conceptual conversations has been extremely positive. ” Marvel, which has been on a   tear, initially expected to turn the Inhumans into a string of movies, even announcing its plans publicly in 2014. But the studio ultimately decided the property would be a better fit for TV, in part because there were already a lot of different Marvel movie franchises continuing. Mr. Sherwood, noting pains have been taken to make sure ABC affiliates are on board with the Imax debut, said the “sneak peek” of “The Inhumans” would include “big, theatrical moments specially conceived for the Imax screen. ” The series debut will also come at a time when no Marvel movies are playing in theaters. “We’ve worked very carefully with our friends at Marvel Studios  —   and this is a critical point  —   to make sure that   and   we are only enhancing the Marvel universe,” he said.",0
19852,Eric Holder’s Airbnb Runs Controversial #WeAccept Multiculturalism Ad - Breitbart,Jerome Hudson,"The tens of millions of Americans watching Super Bowl LI Sunday night were treated to a   from   company Airbnb, which launched its #WeAccept ad campaign with a   spot highlighting diversity and multiculturalism. [“No matter who you are, where you’re from, who you love, or who you worship, you deserve to belong,” Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky wrote on Sunday with a link to the #WeAccept campaign, which shows the faces of people of various ages, races, and religions along with the inspiring message.  Former U. S. attorney general Eric Holder  —   who was hired by Airbnb last July “to help craft a     policy”  —   also tweeted about the #WeAccept campaign. “This is who we truly are  —   We work together. We stand together. We are one nation. We are one people. @Airbnb @bchesky #weaccept together,” Holder wrote to his Twitter followers. This is who we truly are  —   We work together. We stand together. We are one nation. We are one people. @Airbnb @bchesky #weaccept together,  —   Eric Holder (@EricHolder) February 6, 2017,  Hollywood and Silicon Valley have heavily opposed President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program. Super Bowl Sunday saw a series of politicized commercials meant to shine a spotlight on the administration’s immigration policies. But AirBnB’s #WeAccept effort is a longterm campaign, and it’s being spearheaded by Holder, who has already been hired by the California legislature to help lead the legal fight against Trump. In his role at the $30 billion   company, Holder is crafting the company’s   and housing policy, according to Chesky. Airbnb users received an email on Monday morning detailing the company’s intentions to provide housing for 100, 000 people over the next five years, including refugees. “Today we’re setting a goal to provide   housing over the next five years for 100, 000 people in need. We’ll start with refugees, disaster survivors, and relief workers, though we want to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time,” the company’s founders announced. “To help people around the world facing displacement, we’ll work with our community of hosts to find not just a place to stay, but also a place to feel connected, respected, and a part of a community again,” Airbnb says. “In addition, Airbnb will contribute $4 million over the course of four years to the International Rescue Committee to support the most critical needs of displaced populations globally. ” Last year, Airbnb launched a   investigation following charges of racism from black renters who took to social media and shared stories of being turned away by hosts once their race was disclosed. The hashtag “#AirbnbWhileBlack” trended online. Airbnb apologized for the   discrimination complaints and began to enact a series of   policies.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
19853,Study: American Adults Having Less Sex than a Quarter of a Century Ago - Breitbart,Katherine Rodriguez,"A new study released Tuesday shows that American adults are having less sex than a quarter of a century ago, with the biggest decline being among married people. [The study, published in the journal Archives of Sexual Behavior, showed a decline in sexual activity across gender, race, region, education level, and work status.  One of the factors for this decline is the increase in the percentage of unpartnered people, who tend to have less sex than partnered ones. But a major factor for this decline stems from a steady decline in the rate of sexual activity for people who are married or living with partners. The study found that American adults have sex seven to nine fewer times per year than in the 1990s, according to data from the General Social Survey from  . The average person used to have sex 60 to 62 times a year in the 1990s, but by 2014 that number dropped to less than 53 times per year. The drop in sexual activity among married people was even sharper, going from 73 times a year in 1990 to 55 in 2014. The frequency of sexual activity among married people was below that of unmarried people, who have sex an average of 59 times a year. The study said people who are not in couples, including those married in the past, have sex half as much as those who are. The decrease in couples backs up this claim.   Americans were living with a partner in 1986 in 2014, only 59 percent were, according to GSS data. The report listed possible factors for the decline in sexual activity, including increased access to entertainment and social media a decline in happiness among people 30 and over higher incidence of depression and use of   associated with sexual dysfunction. The study found a steady drop in sexual activity as people aged, but when comparing the same time period in each generation, it turns out that those born in the 1930s had sex the most often, while those born in the 1990s had sex the least. The sharpest decline in sexual activity was among people in their 50s, people with a college degree, people with   children, people in the South, and those who do not watch pornography, according to the study.",0
19854,Fake News Plus Fascism: New York Times Urges Boycott of Breitbart,Joel B. Pollak,"In two   articles for the New York Times‘ Sunday Review, the Gray Lady attacks Breitbart News and its founder, Andrew Breitbart, and encourages an effort to “destroy” the company by appealing directly to advertisers not to support the website. [One article, “How to Destroy the Business Model of Breitbart and Fake News,” written by someone actually called “Pagan Kennedy” (was “Antichrist Roosevelt” not available?) celebrates the flagging effort of anonymous Twitter trolls who have tried to target and intimidate companies whose ads appear alongside Breitbart News articles, via third party platforms.  These   censors of the totalitarian left have decided that since they cannot defeat conservative views and arguments on the merits, they would prefer to eliminate them. The Times, which prides itself as a guardian of free speech and press freedom, gives its backing to this (unsuccessful) campaign with nearly 2, 000 words of space. The article includes instructions on how to join the   effort, copied verbatim  —   “Step 1  …     Step 2  …    ”  —   from the anonymous activists’ Twitter page. And Breitbart News, the “biggest fish,” is not the last intended target: the group declares that it “would like to broaden its campaign to take on a menagerie of bad actors. ” Evidently it is very important to the Times that this failing, and   effort to censor Breitbart News be shored up, because it has allowed several embarrassing factual errors and omissions into the article which undermine both the credibility of the “Pagan” author and the   “paper of record” itself: Speaking of “fake news,” the New York Times is a prime exemplar of the genre, having manufactured several stories with the clear intent of attacking and undermining conservatives, including but not limited to Breitbart News. A few recent examples: As far as “hate” is concerned, the Times has published   by avowed terrorists like Ahmed Yousef of Hamas, the   organization that is determined to kill as many Israeli civilians as possible to achieve its genocidal aims. It has also published the work of Russian president Vladimir Putin, who is the left’s bogeyman today, but who in 2013 the Times wished to help reach a wider audience, the better to stop U. S. intervention in Syria and to attack American exceptionalism. In a second Sunday   “The Tea Party and the Art of the Mean Joke,” British travel writer Jonathan Raban concocts a twisted recollection of the Tea Party convention in Nashville in 2010 to explain, so he claims, the origins of Trump’s rhetorical style. Raban claims, erroneously, that Tea Party activists were dreaming of a politically incorrect “strongman”  —   a ridiculous and false claim, given the ambivalence of the Tea Party movement about political leaders in general (even their own). He goes on to claim that Trump “inherited the mantle of speaking in public like a   barfly from the man who turned out to be the star of the Nashville show: Andrew Breitbart, founder of the eponymous   media outlet. ” Evidently Trump’s long public record has eluded Raban, who argues that Trump learned his craft from Breitbart: “The   has the blunt pugnacity of the Breitbartian style. Like his tweets, his policy statements have the brutal concision of jokes. ” Raban goes on to compare Trump  —   and, by implication, Breitbart  —   to a Latin American dictator: “I once heard Jorge Luis Borges talk about how dictators relished cruel jokes as demonstrations of their power,” he says, relishing this bit of recalled armchair political philosophy as some kind of proof. In fact, in his lifetime  —   as Trump’s many detractors were wont to point out during the election  —   Andrew Breitbart had criticized Trump at times. (One area where Trump earned Andrew Breitbart’s praise: his ability to see through the media’s pretenses.) But again, never mind the facts. Raban describes Breitbart as a “  bully,” exactly inverting Breitbart’s character. Andrew stood up to bullies, and relished nothing more than confronting the bullies in the mainstream media  —   such as propagandists like Raban, who descend from upon high to pour scorn on the little people of Nashville,   their naïve effort at   democracy as a kind of nascent fascism, making up fake historical “facts” they expect no one will dare to challenge. Six years later, the little people of Nashville have finally won something, and the New York Times cannot stomach its loss. So it has attacked Breitbart News in an attempt to “destroy” it. There is no greater accolade than to be considered the Times‘ greatest enemy. But one expects something more effective  —   and more principled  —   from such a formerly august institution. Sadly, the Times has decided to go the fascist route, urging the destruction of its most effective conservative competitor, using “fake news” to make the case for censorship to its credulous   readership. It is an effort as illiberal as it is futile. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19855,"Facebook Blocks Ad Blockers, but It Strives to Make Ads More Relevant - The New York Times",Mike Isaac,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Digital ads pop up online so frequently and ubiquitously that many people are using software to block them. But if you try to stop ads from showing up on Facebook’s desktop website, you will now be out of luck: The social network has found a way to block the ad blockers. On Tuesday, Facebook flipped a switch on its desktop website that essentially renders all ad blockers  —   the programs that prevent websites from displaying ads on the page when a user visits the site  —   useless. The change allows the Silicon Valley company to serve ads on its desktop site even to people who have   software installed and running. “Disruptive ads are an industry problem, and the rise of ad blockers is a strong signal that people just don’t want to see them,” Andrew Bosworth, vice president for Facebook’s ads and business platform, said in an interview. “But ad blockers are a really bad solution to that. ” Facebook’s move is set to add to a furious debate about the ethics of ad blocking. On one hand, many digital ads are a nuisance  —   they slow loading times of web pages and detract from the online experience. Yet the ads also serve as the business foundation for many digital publishers to provide content to readers. Ad blockers have become a threat to publishers including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, which are facing declining advertising revenue. About 200 million people worldwide use   software on their desktop computers, according to estimates from PageFair, an     . An additional 420 million use ad blockers on their smartphones, the company said. Several digital publishers, including Wired, Forbes and The Times, have begun experimenting with    techniques, including asking visitors who use ad blockers to “whitelist” their sites so that ads may still appear. “We need to spell this out clearly to our users. The journalism they enjoy costs real money and needs to be paid for,” Mark Thompson, president and chief executive of The Times, said at an ad industry conference in June where he addressed ad blocking. “Advertising is a vital part of the revenue mix. ” Mr. Bosworth of Facebook said ad blockers were “certainly bad for the publications who are robbed of half of the value exchange between users and publishers. ” But rather than blocking all ads, he said, Facebook needed to find a way to serve better ads. Facebook’s move is perhaps the strongest    measure taken by a major technology company, especially one that serves advertising to more than 1. 7 billion monthly users globally. The effort is risky for the company, which prides itself on delivering the best user experience, because it could alienate some people for whom ad blocking is an ideological stance on how they wish to gain access to the internet. To shut down the blockers, Facebook is taking aim at the signifiers in digital ads that blockers use to detect whether something is an ad. Facebook’s desktop sitewide changes will then make ad content indistinguishable from   content. For blockers to get around these changes, Facebook said they would have to begin analyzing the content of the ads themselves, a costly and laborious process. Still, Facebook will continue to let people have some control over the ads they do and do not see. On Tuesday, the company also introduced an overhauled version of its ad preferences tool, which lets people opt out of seeing certain types of ads on the site. That will help Facebook serve more relevant ads, rather than bombard people with ads they do not want. “We want people to help us do a better job with ads, rather than to fundamentally alter the way the service is rendered,” Mr. Bosworth said. The move against ad blockers on the desktop site will not affect blockers used to access Facebook on a mobile web browser, the company said. It will also not apply to Facebook’s mobile apps, which already include advertising that cannot be blocked by outside programs. Facebook did not announce plans to expand the changes to mobile browsers in the future. Executives in the   industry denounced Facebook’s decision, calling it a misguided waste of time that would harm the social network’s members. “It takes a dark path against user choice,” Ben Williams, communications and operations manager at Eyeo G. m. b. H. the company behind AdBlock Plus, wrote in a blog post after Facebook announced the change. The move also stoked the ire of those who support ad blockers because of their ability to prevent the use of tracking software, which is often employed to monitor users’ browsing habits across the web without their knowledge or express consent. But the advertising industry welcomed the change. “Facebook should be applauded for its leadership on preserving a vibrant value exchange with its users,” Randall Rothenberg, president and chief executive of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, said in a statement. “For hundreds of years, advertising and marketing have been central to the delivery of entertainment and services that are otherwise free to consumers. ” For Facebook, which is a member of the I. A. B. advertising forms the core of its business. The company generated $3. 69 billion in profit on $17. 93 billion in revenue in 2015, a majority of which came from paid advertising. In its most recent quarter, Facebook said mobile ads produced 84 percent of ad revenue. One of Facebook’s biggest advertisers recently called into question the effectiveness of some of the company’s ads. On Tuesday, Procter  Gamble told The Wall Street Journal it was scaling back on hypertargeted ad campaigns on the social network. A P. G. spokeswoman said the company would not be spending less money on overall Facebook ads. “Facebook has a history of going out of their way to keep advertisers happy,” said Ian Schafer, founder and chief executive of Deep Focus, an ad agency. “This plays into what advertisers demand in terms of accountability for publishers. ” Others said that Facebook was striking a middle ground by stopping ad blockers but still giving people some options over what ads they would see. “Many users rely on ad blockers because they are concerned about privacy or malware,” said Jules Polonetsky, chief executive of the Future of Privacy Forum, an industry think tank that is funded in part by tech companies, including Facebook. “Facebook’s change lets users continue to use ad blockers to protect themselves, while ensuring ads are displayed. ”",0
19856,"A Defeated Obama Condescendingly Mocks Winner Trump, Says ‘He Can’t Keep Campaign Promises’",Geoffrey Grider,"  A Defeated Obama Condescendingly Mocks Winner Trump, Says ‘He Can’t Keep Campaign Promises’ Obama scolded his Republican successor for believing he can deliver on his campaign promises. 'I think that he successfully mobilized a big chunk of the country to vote for him,' Obama told reporters.   Barack Obama delivered a series of patronizing backhanded compliments to President-Elect Donald Trump on Monday during a lengthy White House press conference conducted before his final trip abroad as America’s leader. While he praised Trump for pulling off ‘one of the biggest political upsets in history,’ Obama scolded his Republican successor for believing he can deliver on his campaign promises . ‘I think that he successfully mobilized a big chunk of the country to vote for him,’ Obama told reporters. But ‘regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up.’‘And those aspects of his positions or predispositions that don’t match up with reality, he will find shaken up pretty quick. Because reality has a way of asserting itself.’ Trump campaigned on an no-holds-barred agenda of dismantling much of Obama’s agenda including immigration reforms put in place without congressional input, a widely criticized Iranian nuclear deal and an Obamacare system whose pilings have grown shaky. But the president suggested the billionaire’s poetic rallies can never jive with Washington’s messier prose. ‘I think it’ll be important for him to have the room, to staff up, to figure out what his priorities are, to be able to distinguish between what he was campaigning on and what is practical – what he can actually achieve,’ Obama cautioned. ‘You know, there are certain things that made for good good soundbites, but don’t always translate into good policy. And that’s something that he and his team will wrestle with in the same way every president wrestles with.’ Ultimately, Obama hinted , he believes Trump is more a realist than a principled conservative – despite connecting with a previously disengaged voting base on the strength of broad promises.  ",1
19857,"A Fifth Clinton Presidency? Hill, No!",Michelle Malkin, ,1
19858,"James Ellroy’s “American Tabloid” – Film, Literature and the New World Order",Corbett,"Corbett • 11/22/2016 
This month on Film, Literature and the New World Order, James is joined by Prof CJ of the Dangerous History podcast to explore James Ellroy’s “American Tabloid.” What do you get when you have a novel with fictional FBI/CIA/Mafia/Anti-Castro Cuban stooges embroiled in a years-long mess that ends up with the assassination of the president? A more plausible scenario than 99% of the documentaries and books out there on the subject, that’s what. Find out more in this edition of FLNWO. 
CLICK HERE for the mp3 audio and show notes for this podcast",1
19859,"Japan, US, S.Korea Deputy FMs to Discuss N.Korea Nuclear Issue Thursday",nan,"North Korea Rocket Launch Plans ( 71 ) 0 15 0 0 Deputy foreign ministers of Japan, South Korea and the United States will hold trilateral talks in Tokyo on Thursday to discuss the hot-button issue of North Korea's nuclear and missile threats. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The negotiations will bring together US Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken, South Korean First Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam and his Japanese counterpart Shinsuke Sugiyama. © AP Photo/ Ahn Young-joon US, Japan Push to Fortify Alliances Amid Threat Posed by North Korea 
According to the US State Department, the deputy-level talks will focus on cooperation on a range of regional security and global issues, including North Korea's nuclear threat, in particular, its ballistic missile programs . ""They will discuss the international community’s efforts to hold North Korea accountable for its destabilizing behavior, including its January 6 and September 9 nuclear tests and litany of ballistic missile launches, which constitute flagrant violations of UN Security Council resolutions,"" the State Department said. © REUTERS/ KCNA US Spy Chief: Asking North Korea To Stop Nuke Program a ‘Lost Cause’ 
According to media reports, later this year, Japan, South Korea and China are likely to hold a tripartite summit between late November and early December, with North Korea's nuclear and missile development high on the agenda. 
In 2005, North Korea declared itself a nuclear power. So far, it has conducted five underground nuclear tests — in 2006, 2009, 2013 and 2016, raising concerns of both the neighboring states and the international community. Pyongyang's cites prospective aggression from South Korea and its major ally, Washington, as the reason for North Korean nuclear program development. 
Pyongyang is currently under pressure from the international community since its latest nuclear test in September and a long-range rocket launch in February, which resulted in tightening sanctions against North Korea in the new UN Security Council resolution in March. ...",1
19860,Trump Puts a Presidential-Size Spotlight on His Brand - The New York Times,Eric Lipton and Noah Weiland,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump’s Saturday started with a trip to the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va. By Saturday night, on one of the few weekends since the inauguration that Mr. Trump remained in Washington, the president was dining at the Trump International Hotel a few blocks from the White House. He was greeted by   as he entered and exited the hotel’s steakhouse restaurant, BLT Prime by David Burke, with his daughter and   . On Sunday morning, Mr. Trump was once again at the family’s Virginia golf course. For Mr. Trump, it was just another weekend with a   spotlight on his family’s business outlets, a pattern that started during his transition when he drew international attention to the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N. J. by interviewing potential cabinet picks there. Saturday’s stops marked the eighth weekend in a row  —   out of the 10 weekends he has been in office  —   that Mr. Trump has visited a   property, including his    resort in Palm Beach. White House officials have said Mr. Trump goes to his clubs and restaurants because he is comfortable there, but critics increasingly argue that the visits are priceless advertising and that Mr. Trump and his family are using the presidency as a way to enrich themselves. “It is normal for presidents to get out  —   and it can be a boost for small businesses across the city and the country,” said Robert Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit group. “But with President Trump, he spends his down time as a walking advertisement for his businesses. It is a major departure from historic norm and degradation of the office. ” Eric Trump, in an interview this month, disputed any suggestion that his father’s visits to family properties represented a conflict of interest. But he agreed that the Trump Organization’s assets  —   from    where interest in memberships has surged, to its golf courses  —   were doing well. “The stars have all aligned,” said Eric Trump, during a recent news conference in Washington to promote the upcoming Senior PGA Championship tournament at the Trump National Golf Course in Sterling, Va. Memorial Day weekend. (He did not mention his father by name.) As executive vice president of the Trump Organization, he oversees its 16 owned or operated golf courses around the world. “I think our brand is the hottest it has ever been. ” The president has now made three visits to the Trump National Golf Club. . Tickets to the event are being sold as Mr. Trump is pushing the golf course into the spotlight, with reporters and photographers in tow on Saturday for a daylong visit. On Sunday shortly after 11 a. m. with reporters placed at the complex’s indoor tennis center, Mr. Trump made a quick visit to the club for what White House officials said were three meetings. By noon Mr. Trump was headed back to Washington. Photos of Mr. Trump surfaced on social media on Saturday and Sunday that appeared to show him in golf shoes and out on the golf course on Saturday, and then sitting at the golf club, during his short visit Sunday, watching a game of golf on television. The New York Times confirmed, via   tools, that the items were posted Sunday from the Trump National Golf Club. But the White House officials did not respond when asked about the photographs, and would not confirm whether Mr. Trump played golf. The warm welcome Mr. Trump received Saturday night at the Trump hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue offered a hint of why Mr. Trump may visit his family’s establishments so often: He is almost guaranteed the kind of enthusiastic crowd he would never find at Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland’s Catoctin Mountains. “Keep up the good work!” one man shouted after Mr. Trump wrapped up his dinner at the hotel on Saturday. “Thank you, Donald! Thank you, Trump!” another man yelled. Mr. Trump arrived shortly after 9 p. m.  —   a reporter from The Times was already having dinner at the hotel’s only restaurant  —   and walked through the lobby’s expansive atrium and into the restaurant, BLT Prime.   guests turned to one another in disbelief. A man shouting Mr. Trump’s name had to be quieted by hotel security. Mr. Trump, his daughter Ivanka Trump and his    Jared Kushner, were led to the   mezzanine, which looks out onto the vast lobby. Hotel guests leaned over the railings of the upper floors to gawk at the president sitting down for a family dinner. Mr. Trump has a particular preference for steaks, well done and with ketchup, although the restaurant would not confirm what he dined on Saturday night. The meal went on for more than two hours, even as guests had stopped eating and had turned around simply to watch Mr. Trump. One diner sitting a few feet from the Trump party said the president had interrupted his meal several times to allow   to greet him. Members of the Secret Service took over a table on the first floor and ordered drinks while waiting for the president to conclude his meal. Right above them, Mr. Trump’s personal security guard, Keith Schiller, patrolled the mezzanine level while chatting and joking with guests. “We ate slowly,” said John Nix, who was having dinner at BLT Prime with his wife and three children on their final night at the hotel, which he said they had found on TripAdvisor. The family was visiting Washington from Columbus, Ga. to see sights and visit colleges, and had made a reservation for the restaurant a month before. As the two hours passed, hotel guests who had been at the bar and waiting in the lobby formed a long line, hoping to meet the president as he left. Mr. Trump happily obliged. Around 11:30 p. m. he and Ms. Trump worked the crowd, which included a teenager in a red “Make America Great Again” hat and a young girl asleep on the shoulders of her parents. Screams then gave way to dozens of people chanting “U. S. A.! U. S. A. !” A few minutes later, Mr. Trump disappeared into his motorcade for the short ride home.",0
19861,The Clintons’ original email scandal: One million lost emails in re Monica and Filegate,Jeff Dunetz,"Print 
It’s funny how Clinton scandals always seem to get covered up by a loss of emails. Hillary’s current email scandal is not the first time this has happened to her or her hubby. During Bill Clinton’s tenure in the White House, a “glitch” (or person) turned off an automatic email archiving system causing the loss of around one million emails . The emails that just “happened” to disappear were the same ones Kenneth Starr was subpoenaing for the Monica Lewinsky scandal and that Congress was asking for in its investigation of “Filegate.” 
Also coincidentally, the lost emails were from the server that controlled the email accounts of President Clinton and other potential witnesses in the above scandal. The people who discovered the emails were missing were threatened with jail if they spoke about the loss. 
According to the House Oversight Committee report released in December 2000: 
The White House installed an Automated Records Management System (ARMS) to store all email correspondence in one central place, and make it easier to respond to document subpoenas. Due to a misconfiguration in the system, e-mail to about 500 White House officials was never recorded. E-mail was first discovered missing in January 1998, but the extent of the problem was not realized until later that year. 
Top White House officials were notified in June. Despite the fact that e-mail was being subpoenaed in a number of civil and criminal cases, including the Lewinsky affair and the Filegate scandal, the White House did not notify investigators that some of it was missing. In mid-February 2000, the ex-chief of White House computer operations, Sheryl Hall who had moved to the Treasury Dept. came forward with allegations that Clinton administration officials were involved in an e-mail cover-up. Betty Lambuth, working for a private employer under contract to the White House, charged that White House technicians had been threatened with loss of job, arrest, and jail if they revealed the problem. 
The White House later said the problem was resulted from an“unintentional ‘glitch’ and blamed it on ‘human error,’ attributing the problem to a ‘disconnect’ between technicians and lawyers who, apparently, did not realize that the computer mistake might have an effect on the pending subpoena requests.” 
Betty Lambuth, who worked for CEXEC, a subcontractor for Northrop-Grumman that ran and maintained the White House computer system, heard about the missing emails from one of her subordinates, Robert Haas. Hass audited the White House system in June 1998 because he and other technicians discovered that automated archiving system wasn’t scanning and storing Internet email sent to the server used by the Executive Office of the President. Lambuth testified under oath, that when she informed the White House, Office of Administration counsel Mark Lindsay told her, ”If I or any of my team who knew about the email problem told anyone else about it we would lose our jobs, be arrested and put in jail.” 
She said Lindsay specified that she was not to tell even her private-sector boss, Steve Hawkins, who she said eventually removed her from her White House assignment when she refused to tell him about the e-mail problem. Lambuth said she and her co-workers dubbed the e-mail problem ”Project X,” [as a joking reference to the TV show “The X Files”] and because of the threats, she and her staff took to meeting in a park close to the New Executive Office Building and in a nearby Starbucks when discussing the matter. 
Lambuth also told the court , a subordinate told her some of the emails deal with “Vice President Al Gore’s involvement in campaign fund-raising controversies” and “the sale of Clinton Commerce Department trade mission seats in exchange for campaign contributions.” The subordinate also told her the emails also contained “information on the White House’s improper gathering of FBI background files of long-ago Republican appointees and the Monica S. Lewinsky scandal” 
A Northrop Grumman official, Joseph Vasta, testified that the Clinton-Gore White House intimidated the email contractor, into participating in the e-mail cover-up. “Vasta testified that it was made apparent that Northrop Grumman could lose its $50 million contract if it didn’t play ball with the Clinton-Gore White House.” 
Not all of the White House emails were lost– just the ones on the Mail2 server. The officials served by the Mail2 server included Doris Matsui, Marsha Scott, Sidney Blumenthal, Cheryl Mills, Bruce Lindsey, Erskine Bowles, Rahm Emanuel, Nancy Hernreich, John Podesta, Ira Magaziner, Ann Lewis, Charles Ruff, Lanny Breuer, Paul Begala, and President Clinton. 
If some of those names sound familiar, they should. People such as Sid Blumenthal and Cheryl Mills have been questioned as part of the present Clinton email scandal, and John Podesta is running Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. 
Bruce Lindsey, now the Chairman of the Board of the Clinton Foundation, was the foundation’s CEO from 2003 to 2013 during Hillary Clinton’s term as secretary of state which, according to Peter Schweizer’s best-selling book “Clinton Cash,” was a time when the foundation and the State Department were involved in cronyism. 
As far as the historic documents and reports remaining on the web, news about “Project X” began to fade in October 2000 as the country approached the presidential election – perhaps, because liberal media were trying to protect then-Vice President Al Gore as he campaigned for a promotion (which sounds like the current Clinton email case, where the lefty media are doing their best to cover up the scandal). Betty Lambuth even testified that some of the missing emails involved possible Gore campaign fund-raising controversies. 
Additionally neither the documents examined nor a subsequent internet search, turned up any mention that the Project X emails dealing with the possible Bill Clinton White House scandals have have ever been recovered and turned over to the national archives. 
From Bill Clinton’s Project X to Hillary Clinton’s private server scandal, losing large volumes of important emails seems to run in the family.",1
19862,Unprecedented Bond Dumping Means U.S. Dollar Collapse Ahead,Guest Post,"in: Collapse , Economy & Business , Multimedia In the following interview, Elijah Johnson and Silver Doctors bring you the latest interview with someone we haven’t heard from in a while, Dr. Jim Willie. To begin the financial portion of the interview, Elijah begins by asking Dr. Willie about the unprecedented bond dumping by China and Saudi Arabia, and of course what Elijah is referring to is how several weeks ago the markets witnessed never before seen numbers when $28 billion in U.S. Treasuries were dumped one week, followed by another $23 billion a week or so later. 
Consider the massive sell-off’s just further evidence in a long line of existing examples regarding why the days of the U.S. Dollar as the World Reserve Currency are numbered. Our creditors are aware that the Fed has been engaged in non-stop printing of money out of thin air, and even though the short-term effect has been the propping up of U.S. Treasury prices, our creditors know history, something Americans seems to pay no attention to. Our creditors know that just like other countries who have engaged in the same kinds of reckless monetary policy in the past, eventually when the QE (printing money out of thin air), is removed, hyperinflation will set in, and there will be massive devaluation of the same Treasuries that were artificially propped up for so long. Most creditors expect the QE to be shut off the moment this U.S. election is over, because unlike uninformed American voters, our creditors know that In addition to his role in allowing the largest case of massive voter fraud in America history to take place on his watch, Captain Transparency in the White House has made sure his loyal servant at the Fed, Janet Yellen, has continued committing massive financial fraud at the Fed at the same time. All of these actions by the U.S. result in what Dr. Willie refers to as psychological damage not just to the full faith and credit of the United States Dollar, but to the United States itself. Creditors of U.S. debt are watching a never before seen transition in the U.S. to a system of pure corruption, undermining ANY faith they might have had in the Dollar, and giving them every reason in the world to want to distance them from the U.S. Dollar. Dr. Willie explains that any “perceived” moral authority the U.S. once might have had is long gone. Among other things, the world learned not long ago through a shocking revelation by Wikileaks that Obama and Hillary not only knew of funds being used to provide ISIS (our enemy), with weapons during a time of war, the world has now seen that Barack Obama and Hillary allowed it. With almost a week until the official election we have heard tremendous stories of voter fraud including stories revealing as many as 20/20 examples of machines switching votes from Trump to Hillary, we know the polls have been massively rigged, and thanks to a national media as corrupt and dishonest and those they are tasked with watching over, Dr. Willie briefly mentions millennials who were recently highlighted on the Steven Colbert show expressing their excitement that Obamacare premiums are doubling in some states. The level of stupidity that is coming out of liberal indoctrination centers known as public schools or universities, where graduates have no ability to exercise critical thinking skills, is exactly why 20% college graduates are now living with their parents or grandparents, and Michael Snyder explains below. Expect that number to keep climbing considerably, particularly with a Clinton Presidency. Michael Snyder writes: In America today, more than 60 million people live in multi-generational households. That number is so large that it may seem difficult to believe, but the truth is that vast numbers of young adults have had to move back in with their parents and grandparents in recent years due to the deteriorating economy . Millions of our young people cannot find decent jobs once they leave school, and millions of them are absolutely overwhelmed by debt. Of course some of them are just lazy, but whatever the reason it is undeniable that multi-generational households are on the rise. According to the Pew Research Center , 12 percent of the U.S. population was living in multi-generational households back in 1980. Today, that number is up to 19 percent. That means nearly one out of every five U.S. adults now live with their parents or their grandparents. One of the big culprits, of course, is student loan debt.",1
19863,Kansas Rally Against Campus Carry Draws 15 People,AWR Hawkins,"Photographs show that a Wichita State University rally against campus carry drew 15 people on Tuesday, counting the speaker. [The rally was in support of proposed legislation that would undo campus carry for   citizens, forcing said citizens to wander the campus defenseless like everybody else.  According to KMUW, “a small group” of students and staff rallied the Rhatigan Student Center. Their motto was “Carry Minds, Not Guns. ” Freshman Ian Englebright said campus carry “creates more problems than solutions. ” He said lawmakers who supported guns for   “think that by having concealed carry on this campus they’re making it safer, when in fact, I feel more uncomfortable because I don’t know if the person next to me has a gun or not. ” The 15 person rally at Wichita State was designed to pressure lawmakers into adopting a revision of the state’s campus carry law. That revision would allow colleges and universities to opt out of campus carry, creating a situation like we currently see in Ohio, where campus carry is legal at the state level but barred by every college and university because some students get nervous when   citizens are armed for  . For example, Ohio State University president Michael Drake is against campus carry. And even after 11 people were hospitalized following the November 28 car and knife attack attack on the Ohio State campus, Drake voiced his opposition for allowing   students to be armed to fight back. He said, “We had a circumstance here where there was someone who was a threat to the community and he was neutralized by a professional within one minute and that would be how we think things should go. ” The legislative change sought in Kansas would result in numerous colleges and universities taking a similar position, mandating that students remain defenseless in the classroom and simply dial 911 then shelter in place while law enforcement responds. This is the type of plan that was followed on April 16, 2007, when 32 unarmed people were shot to death on Virginia Tech’s   campus. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
19864,Topless Protesters Arrested At Trump’s Polling Station,Alex Ansary,"Topless Protesters Arrested At Trump’s Polling Station 11/08/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The polling station where Republican candidate Donald Trump plans to vote Tuesday morning in New York was crashed by angry, shirtless protesters. 
Two topless female protesters entered the New York City polling station, disturbing voters and chanting. The women were reportedly saying “Trump, grab your balls!” in reference to the leaked audio of his lewd conversation with Billy Bush from 2005. 
The protesters had “Femen USA” painted on their backs. Femen is a mostly-European, extreme feminist activist group, increasingly spreading in the United States. 
“I can assure you sure that once American women are trained and ready to act as Femen, every place of gender injustice, every representative of patriarchal culture, will be a target of Femen USA,” one activist told The Daily Beast .",1
19865,Most Russians wan to ignore criticism from the West,nan,"Most Russians wan to ignore criticism from the West 08.11.2016 | Source: AP photo One should not pay much attention to the criticism of Russia that comes from the West, more than half of Russians (59%) said in a recent opinion poll conducted by Levada Center, Interfax reports.The West perceives Russia as a competitor in an attempt to weaken the Russian Federation, 43% of respondents said. Thirty-five percent of respondents said that the criticism of the West was hostile. Every fourth (25%) respondent believes that Western critics often criticize Russia for what they should be criticized themselves . Every fifth respondent (21%) said that Europe and the US have little understanding of life in Russia, ""but they still want to teach us.""Critical remarks against Russia from Western countries are not worthy of attention, 30% of respondents said. The survey was conducted on October 21-24 among 1,600 people in 137 settlements of Russia.The majority of respondents 74% noted that the West wants to weaken and humiliate Russia by tightening sanctions against the country. According to 13 percent of respondent, the sanctions were imposed on Russia in an attempt to restore the geopolitical balance after Russia reunited with the Crimea. Another five percent believe that the sanctions policy of the West is aimed at ending the war in the east of Ukraine, while eight percent were undecided.At the same time, opinion polls conducted in the last days of October showed an increase in the ratings of the president and the government. The survey showed that the approval rating of the president rose from 78.7 to 81.8% from August to October. Positive assessments of the government's work increased from 53.6 to 58.3%.The Russian parliament's approval rating rose from 39.7% in September to 45.5%.Russia's armed forces have the support of 83.5% of the Russian population. The figure has doubled in ten years - from 44% in October 2006. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru Russians name their main enemies",1
19866,Why Muslims Hold the Biggest Human Gathering under the Threat of ISIS in Iraq?,Milad Amini Movahhed,"Visiting Aba Abd-Allah is a good evidence of esteeming and honoring the divine rituals, and display love and friendship with prophet's household, according to the Quranic verse of ""Mavaddat"". 4 Shares
3 0 0 1
Presenting and attendance million of Shias at Arbaeen, create a massive and international unity among Shias. This capacity can be useful for huge cultural action.
""Mashrigh"" and ""Tasnim"" report that different religions ever require their followers to attend in specific days in the year for solidarity and correlation between followers to identify the social stream. This kind of attendance is a good publicity of that social stream, and influences the international community.
Easter, the Christians religious day
For example Christians celebrate ""Easter"" as the most important religious day with a long history every year.
 This day is a holiday in Christian’s calendar, and followers of Jesus Christ hold various ceremonies and celebration in the church.
MORE... The 10th Day’s new campaign – community-building and social solidarity Shia Muslims gather in DC for anti-terror rally Letting freedom ring: How Islam’s universal message continues to speak through Imam Husayn ibn Ali The Jews carnival “Purim”
""Purim"" is a great religious festival in Jewish religion. Jews have named the fourteenth and fifteenth day of Adar in Hebrew calendar ""Purim”, and celebrate it.
Jews hold celebration in ""Synagogue"" with reading the book ""Esther"". After ceremonies, children and youth wear the colorful clothes and masks, and launch the carnival of joy in occupied Palestine territories and Jewish cities. This ceremony is advertised extensively by the Jewish dictatorial media..
But Muslims...
About 5.5 million Muslims from all over the world travel to Mecca, Saudi Arabia in ""Hajj days"" and perform Hajj. But "" Pure Mohammadi Islam"" and ""Alavi education"" is not advertised and explained properly in Hajj because of the restrictive policy of Saudi regime.
Imam Reza, peace be upon him, stated: If the beauty of Islam is heard by others, they all will follow wholeheartedly the prophet's household inevitably.
""Arbaeen"", golden opportunity
Attending million of Shias in Arbaeen create a massive and international unity among Shias .
Karbala can be a ""symbol"" of unity and allegiance to Imam, that has the ""world's effects"". The start of Husseini Magnetic Attraction is in ""Arbaeen"". This is the magnetic that exists in my and your heart over the centuries.
So if we can't publish the Shia massage efficiently in Hajj, we can universalize it in Shia glorious presence in the Husseini massive rally.
In fact the Hajj pilgrimage for Imam Hussein followers is in Karbala, their try between Safa and Marvah in the "" Beyn Al-Haramain"", and their ""Ihram clothes"" is the ""mourning clothes for Aba Abd-Allah"".
Walking to shrines is topical
Imam Hassan Askari, peace be upon him, mentioned that one of the real believer's sign is walking to visit Imam Hussein in Arbaeen.
Imam Sadigh, peace be upon him, told to one of his followers: Visit Imam Hussein's shrine, and don't give it up. I asked: What is the reward for visiting him? Imam –pbuh- stated: When you walk to visit Imam Hussein, Allah gives you a reward and removes your guilt, and raises your grade.
At the other time, Imam Sadigh said: If someone goes out of his home and walks to visit Imam Hussein's shrine, Allah gives him a reward and removes him guilt for each step to visit Aba Abd-Allah, when he reaches to shrine, Allah considers him among righteous favorites. When his rites finish, Allah registers him among success, when he is coming back an angel of God stays on him and tells: The messenger of Allah says Hello and gives tidings to you that all your faults are forgiven, start again your actions.
Walking tradition has an old history.
In a way, walking tradition for Imam Hussein in Arbaien has an old history. Walking to visit Karbala was customary at Sheikh
Ansary's time. But it was forgotten for a long time. It revives again by ""Sheikh Mirza Hussein Noori"". He walked to visit Aba Abd-Allah in 1319 (Hegira) for the last time.
Although visiting Imam Hussein s shrine was often difficult, and pilgrims were not safe and secure, but they were willing to take risks and had an audience to Imam Hussein in Arbaeen.
Islamic life style
At that time with full of great interest and knowledge, in the way ""Hussein path"" that leads to Karbala, Shias called each other just with ""Hussein visitors"" (zayer Al-Hussein), or ""Hussein server"" (khadem Ol-Hussein), that is a symbol of Islamic life style.
Pilgrims of this holy and spiritual journey have a lot of blessing and gifts from God, such as: the nice spiritual state with ""holy Sayyed Al-Shohada"" - generous dealing with pilgrims entertaining and receiving by Hussein servers- sacrificing and respecting for each other- treating elders and sayyeds kindly and considerately- visiting the Imam Hussein's holy shrine in Arbaeen.
Role and place of Imam Hussein's visitors
Visiting Aba Abd-Allah is a good evidence of esteeming and honoring the divine rituals, and display love and friendship with prophet's household, according to the Quranic verse of ""Mavaddat"".
Imam Hussein's holy shrine visitors enter into heaven before all, their guilt is disappeared, their life will be long, and God provides for them and removes their sadness and sorrow.
Of course if this old tradition that is established again after destruction of Iraqi dictator, not to be cultural pathology, it will certainly have the negative effects.
Because every phenomenon is threatened, it seems if this pilgrimage tradition becomes a primer to the cultural work, it will be more effective and blessings than today.",1
19867,Election 2016 - Prediction Of Things To Come,Daniel McAdams,"Written by Daniel McAdams   We know that one of the major candidates will win today's presidential election. We don't know which one. But we do have a few predictions for what will change and what will stay the same regardless of who wins. Foreign policy - will it change? How about Congress - will they finally begin standing up to their Constitutional obligations? The Supreme Court - is the next nominee so important and what Congress can do. In today's Liberty Report we balance our cynicism with a solid dose of silver lining in discussing what to look for in the immediate future: Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",1
19868,15 Foods High In Folic Acid,Dr. Edward F. Group III,"in: General Health There are a number of reasons it’s important to get adequate amounts of folic acid. Perhaps most importantly are cellular growth and regeneration. A recent article from the New York Times fingered folic acid as one of the most, “luscious micronutrients” available and multiple studies suggest a lack of folic acid may lead to mental conditions such as depression. Folic acid allows the body to perform many essential functions including nucleotide biosynthesis in cells, DNA synthesis and repair, red blood cell creation, and prevention of anemia. Folic acid, also known as vitamin B9, is well known for its application in the prevention of fetal deformities, Alzheimer’s disease, and several types of cancer. Fortunately, there are many foods that are naturally rich sources of folic acid. Folic Acid vs. Folate While folic acid and folate are often marketed as one and the same, their metabolic effects can be quite different. Folate is the bioavailable, natural form of vitamin B9 found in a variety of plant and animal foods. Folic acid, while readily utilized by the body, is the synthetic form of the vitamin, often found in supplements and fortified foods. The body is more adept at using folate and will regulate healthy levels by releasing excess through the urine. Foods with Folate (AKA Folic Acid Although Slightly Different) 1. Dark Leafy Greens It should come as no surprise that one of the planet’s healthiest foods is also one of the highest in folate. For an immediate boost in folic acid, consider adding more spinach, collard greens, kale, turnip greens and romaine lettuce into your daily diet. Just one large plate of these delicious leafy greens can provide you with almost all of your daily needs for folate. Spinach — 1 cup = 263 mcg of folate (65% DV) Collard Greens — 1 cup = 177 mcg of folate (44% DV) Turnip Greens — 1 cup = 170 mcg of folate (42% DV) Mustard Greens — 1 cup = 103 mcg of folate (26% DV) Romaine Lettuce — 1 cup = 76 mcg of folate (19% DV) 2. Asparagus This woody treat is perhaps one of the most nutrient dense foods with folic acid out of the entire vegetable kingdom. Eating just one cup of boiled asparagus will give you 262 mcg of folic acid, which accounts for approximately 65% of your daily needs. Not only is asparagus a delicious snack, but it’s also full of nutrients your body craves, including Vitamin K, Vitamin C, Vitamin A, and Manganese. 3. Broccoli Not only is broccoli one of the best detox foods you can eat, it’s also a great source for folic acid. Just one cup of broccoli will provide you with approximately 24% of your daily folic acid needs, not to mention a whole host of other important nutrients. We recommend eating organic broccoli raw or lightly steamed. 4. Citrus Fruits Many fruits contain folic acid, but citrus fruits rank the highest. Oranges are an especially rich source of folic acid. One orange holds about 50 mcg, and a large glass of juice may contain even more. Other folate-rich fruits include papaya, grapefruit, grapes, banana, cantaloupe and strawberries. Here is a short list of fruits high in folic acid. Papaya — One papaya = 115 mcg of folate (29% DV) Oranges — One orange = 40 mcg of folate (10% DV) Grapefruit — One grapefruit = 30 mcg of folate (8% DV) Strawberries — 1 cup = 25 mcg of folate (6.5% DV) Raspberries — 1 cup = 14 mcg of folate (4% DV) 5. Beans, Peas and Lentils Beans and peas especially high in folic acid include pinto beans, lima beans, green peas, black-eyed peas and kidney beans. A small bowl of any type of lentils will give you the majority of your recommended daily amounts of folate. Here is a short list of which beans have the most folic acid. Lentils — 1 cup = 358 mcg of folate (90% DV) Pinto Beans — 1 cup = 294 mcg of folate (74% DV) Garbanzo Beans — 1 cup = 282 mcg of folate (71% DV) Black Beans — 1 cup = 256 mcg of folate (64% DV) Navy Beans — 1 cup = 254 mcg of folate (64% DV) Kidney Beans — 1 cup = 229 mcg of folate (57% DV) Lima Beans — 1 cup = 156 mcg of folate (39% DV) Split Peas — 1 cup = 127 mcg of folate (32% DV) Green Peas — 1 cup = 101 mcg of folate (25% DV) Green Beans — 1 cup = 42 mcg of folate (10% DV) 6. Avocado The most beloved vegetable of Mexican fare, the butter pear, or avocado, holds up to 90mcg of folate per cup, which accounts for appoximately 22% of your daily needs. Not only are avocados one of the best foods with folic acid, but it’s also an excellent source of fatty acids, vitamin K and dietary fiber. Adding them to sandwiches or salads will make for an extra-healthy treat. 7. Okra The world’s slimiest veggie is also one of the most nutrient rich. Okra has the distinct ability to simultaneously offer vitamins and minerals while cleansing the entire digestive tract from toxic build-up. When it comes to folate, Okra is a great source. Just one cup of cooked okra will give you approximately 37 mcg of folic acid. 8. Brussels Sprout While brussels sprouts probably isn’t your favorite vegetable, there is no denying that they are one of the best foods for folic acid. Eating one cup of boiled brussels sprouts will give you approximately 25% of your daily recommended amount. Brussels sprouts are also high in vitamin C, vitamin K, vitamin A, manganese and potassium. Even with the abundance of nutrients, it still remains incredibly difficult to convince your kid to give them a try. 9. Seeds and Nuts It doesn’t matter if it’s pumpkin, sesame, sunflower or flax seeds , eating them raw, sprouted, or sprinkled onto a salad will add a healthy serving of folic acid. Sunflower seeds, flax seeds and peanuts are especially high in folate, with one cup offering up to 300 mcg. Nuts are also very high in folic acid, with both peanuts and almonds ranking especially high. Below is a short list of the best seeds and nuts for folic acid. Sunflower Seeds — ¼ cup = 82 mcg of folate (21% DV) Peanuts — ¼ cup = 88 mcg of folate (22%) Flax Seeds — 2 tbs = 54 mcg of folate (14% DV) Almonds — 1 cup = 46 mcg pf fp;ate (12% DV) 10. Cauliflower This cruciferous vegetable is typically regarded as one of the best vitamin C foods , but it’s also a great source of folic acid. Eating just one cup of cauliflower will give you approximately 55 mcg of folate, accounting for 14% of your recommended daily value. I recommend adding fresh cauliflower to a salad with some of the other folic acid foods on this list. 11. Beets Beets are a great source for antioxidants and they also provide detox support, making them one of the best liver cleanse foods on the planet. While that’s a great reason to add them to your diet, beets are also known as one of the best foods with folic acid. Eating one cup of boiled beets will provide you with approximately 136 mcg of folate, accounting for 34% of your daily needs. 12. Corn You probably have a can of corn in your pantry right now. Eat it up! This popular vegetable contains plenty of folate. Just one cup of cooked corn will give you approximately 76 mcg of folic acid, accounting for almost 20% of your daily needs. I recommend avoiding canned veggies and opting for fresh and organic. 13. Celery Celery is commonly regarded as a great food to help with kidney stones, but did you know it’s also a great source for folic acid? Just one cup of raw celery will give you approximately 34 mcg of folate, accounting for 8% of your daily needs. 14. Carrots Carrots are another extremely popular vegetable that is probably in your home right now. Just one cup of raw carrots will give you almost 5% of your daily recommended needs for folic acid. Eat baby carrots as a snack or add them to your salads for a folate boost! 15. Squash Squash may not be the most popular vegetable for your family, but there is no denying its nutritional benefits. And, if you make it right, it can be delicious. Whether it’s summer squash or winter squash, adding squash to your diet will help give you a boost in folic acid. Here is a breakdown of how much folate can be found in squash. Winter squash — 1 cup = 57 mcg of folate (14% DV) Summer Squash — 1 cup = 36 mcg of folate (9% DV) These are just a few of the foods with folic acid, are you aware of others? Tell me your thoughts in the comments below. Tips for Prenatal Wellness Folic acid, calcium , and iron have long been considered the holy trinity of prenatal wellness. But here’s one you may not be so familiar with: iodine. Though its health benefits have long been known, new research is now indicating that iodine deficiency in pregnant women can have significant negative effects on unborn children’s brain development. Learn about the importance of iodine during pregnancy here . Know the symptoms of iodine deficiency here . Submit your review",1
19869,Michael Wolff on MILO’s ’Dangerous’: Publishing Is a Business - Breitbart,Breitbart Tech,"In USA Today, journalist and author Michael Wolff explained to critics of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s upcoming book Dangerous that “the publishing businesses is a business,” pointing out that the publication of the book was inevitable given the profits that stood to be made. [“The traditional view, at least since publishing, in the late Victorian age, became a   and therefore respectable industry, is that if you publish it, you own it. You were not only legally responsible for it, but it firmly attached to your reputation,” Wolff explained. “This led to protocols about editing, fact checking, and the development of a long cannon of journalism standards and ethics. It also led to the idea of publishing brands. What you published defined you in the community and in the marketplace. ”  The Yiannopoulos book is a particularly good example of the breakdown of this view. Book imprints were once the staunchest cultural gatekeepers, with issues of taste and sales closely twinned, and with the decision to publish resting, often, on a small group of editors, or even on a single shoulder. You knew who was responsible. But then a massive consolidation of the business occurred, mixing and mashing brands, and, with new financial dictates, in essence, commoditizing books. Any book that makes financial sense to publish, no matter its nature, will, practically speaking, be published by any publisher. Beyond a book’s financial bona fides, there is no real vetting, or editing, or concerns about taste. Most of the book industry is now a business focused on creating products —  often novelty products connected to a celebrity —  for specific market segments. A new crop of conservative publishers were suddenly making lots of money publishing conservative books. Hence, every major publisher hurried to established its own conservative imprint  —   the Yiannopoulos book is published by Simon  Schuster’s Threshold Editions —  often run by liberals. In a sense, this is an example of the media overcoming its bias. In another sense, it’s purely cynical: we believe none of this, but the money’s good. Read the full article at USA Today.",0
19870,Fox Sports 1’s Jason Whitlock Slams Sports Media for its Drive to the Left - Breitbart,Warner Todd Huston,"Former ESPN host and Fox Sports 1 commentator Jason Whitlock slammed the sports media for its drift toward   politics, criticized former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick for his faux   protests, and even stuck up for Breitbart Sports. [In a new interview with Michael McCarthy of Sporting News, Whitlock pokes his finger in the eyes of presumptuous sports reporters who think they speak for African Americans, slaps around a few major sports stars, and dishes about his treatment at ESPN.  Long a lightning rod for his    views, Whitlock has a long history in sports media. He’s been a columnist for the Kansas City Star, a star commentator for ESPN, a radio talk show host, a writer for Huffington Post, the central figure of a popular sports website, and a Fox Sports contributor. He was also on the other side of the   divide, having been an offensive lineman for Ball State University’s Cardinals football program. The interview started off with Whitlock criticizing NBA star LeBron James for essentially sitting out games after partying too hard the night before, but the interview then jumped straight to Whitlock’s criticism of the leftward lurch of sports media. The topic kicked off as Whitlock slammed former San Francisco 49ers   quarterback Colin Kaepernick for his season of clueless   protests. Even as he doubted that politics had kept Kaepernick from landing a new team as a free agent  —   Whitlock said Kaepernick is “delusional about his standing in the league”  —   the sports writer called the quarterback’s protests ill informed and muddled. “Kap is running around with Twitter idiots who love to play the race card,” Whitlock said. “No general manager or coach wants [black lives activist] Shaun King   them in the New York Daily News about a   quarterback who is trying to prove his blackness through public gestures. ” Whitlock went on to urge Kaepernick to “get new friends,” and stop hanging around with people coddling him over his   protests. The sports firebrand also noted that he is one of the few who has the spine to point out that Kaepernick is likely dealing with a personal identity crisis due to his upbringing, too. Whitlock said, “I’ve angered the far left by pointing out that Kap has some understandable identity issues based on his unique upbringing and a society that is brutally harsh on   people. Kap is not a thought leader on race or even informed about the issues. He was a guy who liked to kick it, lift weights and be a celebrity quarterback. The Niners benched him and he became a militant activist, which made him attractive to the   movement. ” That brought the conversation to the   tilt of the media, something Whitlock has criticized. Sporting News asked Whitlock if liberals are trying to “kill the golden goose” by corrupting sports coverage with   politics. Whitlock was adamant that liberals really are ruining sports media with political content. “  political ideologues want to reshape sports culture to their liking,” Whitlock said. “Sports culture has long had a major impact on American culture. The values taught and celebrated in sports are conservative. The far left wants to change that. They want sports to have a liberal impact. ” The interviewer then asked about the charges made by Breitbart Sports that ESPN is too liberal. Sporting News labeled Breitbart Sports as an “ ” site trying to stir attacks against ESPN, but Whitlock shot that down, saying, “I think it’s unfair to pin this on the ‘  media.’ ESPN and most of the mainstream media have lurched farther left. That’s a complaint from middle America and, in my opinion, objective America. ESPN’s own ombudsman acknowledged ESPN’s hardcore progressive slant. ” Of course, Whitlock is referring to the piece written by ESPN Ombudsman Jim Brady last year exploring whether or not the network has drifted too far to the left. But, even as he spent several thousand words reviewing the claim, Brady ended up insisting that the network had not gone too far left. Despite Brady’s pronouncement, this year ESPN issued new guidelines in an effort to put a dampener on its   talent’s penchant for spouting off on liberal political topics. Speaking of ESPN’s new   guidelines, Whitlock sees the new rules as “confusing. ” Before wrapping up, among the other topics in the interview, Whitlock criticized college player Lonzo Ball’s outspoken and activist father, saying the man has “emasculated” his son with all his public shenanigans. Whitlock said LaVar Ball is “hurting” his sons’ basketball careers. “He’s making their careers about him rather than about them,” Whitlock continued. “LaVar is doing way too much. I hope he   his role. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com",0
19871,Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow Interviews Rep. Kevin Brady at CPAC: We’re Going to End the Tax on ’Made in America’ - Breitbart,Katherine Rodriguez,"Breitbart’s    Alex Marlow interviewed House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady on reforming the tax code, the proposed border adjustment tax, and abolishing the death tax. [Brady highlighted congressional Republicans’ proposal to tax foreign imports and end taxes on   products.  “We’re going to end the tax on ‘Made in America,’” Brady said at the Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor, Maryland.  The “Made in America” tax gained its nickname from supporters of   products because   products in the U. S. are taxed at a lower rate than products made in the U. S. Brady and House Republicans have proposed a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade. President Trump has said that the border tax could boost U. S. jobs, but Marlow wondered whether the tax will have any consequences for small businesses that rely on imports, such as job losses. Marlow said that 97 percent of importers are small business and asked Brady whether the tax would make it harder for small businesses to conduct business. Brady said that foreign products receive a lot of special tax breaks, and “competition is best for consumers when everyone is taxed the same. ” Brady also advocated for a “fairer, simpler tax code” and said Americans will soon be able to file taxes with less paperwork. “The tax code will be so fair and so simple, nine out of 10 Americans will be able to file on a   system,” Brady said. Marlow brought up the topic of media bias  —   which, as the    of Breitbart News, was his “favorite topic. ” He asked Brady what he thought of the current “media environment” surrounding the issue of taxation. “It’s a challenge, ” Brady said. Marlow also highlighted how taxation can be viewed as a moral issue, citing “the confiscation of wealth from the American people,” and asked Brady whether the issue of taxation should be considered through a “moral lens. ” Brady replied that it should be, citing the “work, innovation, and value” American workers bring to the economy. Marlow closed the interview by asking Brady what would happen to the death tax in the future. “For the first time since the death tax was created in 1916, House Republicans propose to permanently kill the death tax,” Brady said.",0
19872,,Nick Denby,"They are all ""Treasonous"" lying, narcissistical, sociopathic bastards!....When Trump say's they need to 'drain the swamp' or whatever?...he's not wrong, but who's going to have he's back when he's dredging the filth out of the swamp that is political Washington and all the corporate 'skid marks' along with the corrupt Bankster's and especially the FED reserve?....Who?.",1
19873,Russians In Israel Advised Not To Say ’Schmuck’ Or Get Drunk,Deborah Danan,"TEL AVIV  —   Russian tourists visiting Israel have been asked to refrain from using slurs like “schmuck” and getting drunk, a new directive from the country’s foreign ministry states. [The consular department’s guidelines claims that Israelis are “sensitive” towards criticism directed at their country and to the use of offensive Yiddish and Arabic terms including “putz” (Yiddish for “fool”) and “sharmuta” (Arabic for “prostitute. ”) Russian travelers have been instructed to refrain from using the Russian word “jid,” a derogatory term for Jews, since “it is unacceptable to any Jew, even if he does not understand Russian. ”  Russian nationals have also been told not to drink in excess while in Israel and wander the streets while under the influence of alcohol. Tourists should also maintain a distance of half a meter from locals. Russians should also not be taken aback when they overhear Russian swearwords spoken in Israel, even by   speakers, as they have become part of the vernacular since the beginning of the 20th century, the guidelines said. The Russian Foreign Ministry’s mission is to encourage tourists to respect local customs at any given destination. While in Turkey, Russian tourists are warned against making a V gesture with their fingers since it is the symbol of Kurdish nationalism. While in Thailand they are told to avoid “petting Thais’ heads. ” In Canada and France, they are advised against making jokes about homosexuals or other “man jokes. ” And on visits to Kenya, the guidelines state that Russians should think twice before making comparisons between Kenyans and monkeys. In Spain, Russians should say “hello” to strangers in elevators and shops. Alex Tenzer, a Russian communications expert, said he hoped Israel would follow suit and publish similar guidelines for Israeli tourists abroad.",0
19874,Woodward On Clinton Foundation “It’s Corrupt”,My Catbird Seat,"Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Woodward On Clinton Foundation “It’s Corrupt” By VNN on October 28, 2016 He’s correct: The Clinton Foundation is corrupt, and voters should be troubled by Clinton’s role in the unethical pay-for-play scandals. 
Conservative Tribune 
Voters have been concerned about Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s involvement in the scandal-ridden Clinton Foundation. 
Liberal journalist Bob Woodward legitimized those concerns Sunday on Fox News by pointing to the Foundation’s “ pay-for-play ” scandals while Clinton served as secretary of state as something that should trouble voters. 
Woodward, who broke the Watergate story that led to the downfall of President Richard Nixon, told host Chris Wallace in no uncertain terms that the Clinton Foundation is “corrupt” and a “scandal.” 
Watch Woodward’s comments on Fox News Sunday here: 
“There are allegations about the Clinton Foundation and pay-for-play,” Wallace said. “When you see what seems to be clear evidence that Clinton Foundation donors were being treated differently than non-donors in terms of access, when you see this new revelations (sic) about the $12 million deal between Hillary Clinton, the Foundation and the King of Morocco, are voters right to be troubled by this?” 
“Yes,” Woodward responded. “ It’s corrupt . It’s a scandal.” 
Wallace had attempted to get answers from Clinton about the issue at the final presidential debate with Republican candidate Donald Trump. 
But of course Clinton ducked the moderator’s question and instead talked about the organization’s charitable donations rather than its extreme conflicts of interest — something Woodward took note of and criticized her for. 
“She didn’t answer your question at all,” Woodward told Wallace. “And she turned to embrace the good work that the Clinton Foundation has done.” 
Woodward apparently didn’t want to discredit the “good work” done by the organization, but pointed out that even its “good work” is compromised by the overwhelming evidence of corruption. 
“(T)he mixing of speech fees, the Clinton Foundation and actions by the State Department — which she ran — are all intertwined and it’s corrupt,” he argued. 
He’s correct: The Clinton Foundation is corrupt, and voters should be troubled by Clinton’s role in the unethical pay-for-play scandals. 
Unfortunately Clinton has an acute ability to avoid being held accountable for her scandals, but we have faith in the American people and their desire to be led by a person with integrity and respect for the office he holds, not someone who continuously looks for ways for his political power to benefit his personal life. 
Like and share on Facebook and Twitter if you agree with Bob Woodward about Hillary Clinton and her family’s scandal-ridden Clinton Foundation. What do you think about Woodward’s criticism of Clinton? Scroll down to comment below!",1
19875,"With Deflategate Ruling, Roger Goodell Is Firmly in Control - The New York Times",William C. Rhoden,"When I reached Ron Katz on Monday, the first word out of his mouth was “vindication. ” He was referring to Tom Brady. “The moral issues always remain the same,” said Katz, the chairman emeritus of the Institute of Sports Law and Ethics at Santa Clara University and now a Distinguished Careers Institute Fellow at Stanford. “It’s not what you can get away with,” he said. “You’ve got to rise above that. ” Brady is one of the greatest quarterbacks ever to play the game, and I would have him on my starting team each Sunday. But he has lost credibility that he may never regain. The Brady case  —   his role in improperly deflated footballs  —   seemed silly at first. But this molehill became a mountain that the N. F. L. was willing to die on to protect its shield. The case has been a winding road to the truth since January 2015, after the Patriots’ lopsided victory over Indianapolis in the A. F. C. championship game. The most extraordinary evidence against Brady was the Wells report, which suggested that Brady did not always play by the rules when it came to using properly inflated footballs. Based on the report, Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended Brady for four   games. The Patriots were also fined $1 million and lost a couple of draft picks, including this year’s No. 1. Brady argued that he was unfairly suspended. Last July, Brady’s suspension was upheld by Goodell. Last September, Judge Richard M. Berman said Goodell administered “his own brand of industrial justice“ and overturned Goodell’s ruling. That decision allowed Brady to play the entire season, a season he used as a revenge tour and one that New England fans turned into a football holy war. Monday’s ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ripped apart every shred of Berman’s decision. It reaffirmed Goodell’s broad authority to administer discipline as he pleases and it affirmed his power. This is power that the N. F. L. Players Association willingly gave up during the last collective bargaining agreement. Players who challenged Goodell’s authority  —   Adrian Peterson and Greg Hardy  —   were emboldened by what they perceived as a crack in Goodell’s armor. They challenged his authority with lawsuits. But Monday’s decision was loud and clear: Goodell has the hammer again and is willing to drop it. I am all for resisting and challenging authority. But the deflation scandal was never a noble cause. Brady was caught cheating and was uncooperative, having his phone destroyed around the time league investigators wanted access to it. “I would say this goes beyond power I think it’s really about order,” Katz said. “You can’t have a league unless somebody has the authority to make decisions. Otherwise you have disorder, you have chaos. ” It’s about order and Brady’s stature. Celebrity may have gotten Brady a favorable decision from Berman, but it was ultimately not enough to keep him from being suspended. ”If this case had been brought by a journeyman quarterback, he would not have gotten beyond the   line,” Katz said. He added: “The only reason it got as far as it did was because it was Tom Brady. We have a   society, but when you get to court, it doesn’t matter if you’re a celebrity. ” After two years of missteps, Goodell is on a roll. Earlier this month, a court of appeals upheld a Federal District Court judge’s decision approving the N. F. L. concussion settlement agreement. Linda S. Greene, the   law professor at the University of Wisconsin, draws a sharp distinction between how Goodell successfully handled the Brady case and how he mishandled the Ray Rice investigation, protecting a star player and his team in a clear case of domestic abuse. “This is a win for the commissioner,” Greene said, “but unlike in the Ray Rice case, where the decision was the byproduct of a commissioner who looked the other way at Rice’s egregious conduct, the Brady suspension was the product of a thorough investigation, a lengthy hearing over which the commissioner presided. ” The union released a statement on Monday. It was disappointed by the ruling, adding that it would “carefully review the decision, consider all of our options and continue to fight for players’ rights and for the integrity of the game. ” Katz said, “They negotiated this agreement where the commissioner had this power, and that’s the way it should have proceeded. ” The union should stop the fight for Brady. Brady’s team of legal advisers should tell him to accept the decision. The court’s   decision can be appealed to the full Second Circuit Court of Appeals and to the Supreme Court. “I don’t think the Supreme Court will have any interest in this whatsoever,” Katz said. “It’s done. ” Brady should take the sack and let the sport he has soiled have its vindication.",0
19876,Chart Of The Day: Trend Growth Rate Of Real GDP Has Slumped To 0.46%/Year,David Stockman,"Chart Of The Day: Trend Growth Rate Of Real GDP Has Slumped To 0.46%/Year   

 ",1
19877,EU Referendum: Betrayal of the People by Traitors in Undemocratic Coup,dailouk,"Home | World | EU Referendum: Betrayal of the People by Traitors in Undemocratic Coup EU Referendum: Betrayal of the People by Traitors in Undemocratic Coup By Lord V 03/11/2016 12:31:01 
LONDON – England – The High Court decision today is a betrayal of the will of the people cast on June 23 2016 in the EU referendum. 

Britain as a nation is now on the verge of being lost, and all it has worked for for centuries are now but a memory. 
We are now living in a Stasi EU zone with no sovereign rights, we are ordered about by the unelected eurocrats in the EU Commission, and many within parliament are now servants to the European Union. 
Contempt 
This great betrayal of the people who voted in a democratically held EU referendum will not be forgotten, and those who are accountable in parliament to thwart the democratic vote will feel the wrath of the voters when it comes to election time. 
It’s Them Against 17.5 Million People Who Voted Brexit 
They will not be elected again, they will be despised and as they are traitorous scum, they shall be left to the dung heap of history, a forgotten note under a morass of festering putrid excrement. 
True Britons never give up, and they will not, they will fight against the duplicitous forces within this nation that seek to commit High Treason against the Crown. 
As much as the ground that has been lost today by the criminal treasonous High Court decision to overstep the voters, there will never be an end to the fight for sovereign status from those who wish the UK to be ruled by the Soviet EU entity. 
No doubt, Brussels has the law courts firmly within their grasp, but the Remain traitors, lickspittle vile treasonous vermin will one day get their comeuppance. 
And in other news, the pound spiked, so we have further proof of who else is behind all of this. Share on :",1
19878,Tuberculosis: Refugees Produce 29 Percent of Active Cases in New Hampshire - Breitbart,Michael Patrick Leahy,"The refugees resettled by the federal government in New Hampshire produced 29 percent of all diagnosed active tuberculosis (TB) cases in the state during 2014 and 2015, says the Centers for Disease Control. [Three contagious TB cases, or “active tuberculosis,” in New Hampshire were diagnosed in refugees in 2015, and four cases were diagnosed in refugees during 2014. During that two year period, a total of 24 cases of active TB were diagnosed in New Hampshire.  So seven of the 24 active cases, or 29 percent, were among refugees delivered by the federal government. The refugee population is less than one percent of the total state population. New Hampshire does, however, have a much higher per capita rate of refugee TB compared to other states. Between FY 2008 and FY 2015, 4, 368 refugees were resettled in New Hampshire by the federal government. More than 80 percent of these refugees, or 3, 497 out of 4, 368, arrived from four high TB burden countries, according to the Department of State —  Bhutan (2, 239 refugees) the Democratic Republic of Congo (797 refugees) Burma (291 refugees) and Somalia (170 refugees). Only Minnesota, where 33 percent of TB cases during this period, or 99 out of 297, were diagnosed in refugees, had a higher percentage than New Hampshire’s 29 percent among all 46 states for which the CDC reports data on immigration status upon first entry data for   cases of TB. (Arizona, Illinois, Virginia, and Washington do not report this data to the CDC.) The national average, 4. 5 percent, is significantly lower. “In New Hampshire, based on our most recent 2015 data, a total of 13 cases of TB were reported to the NH Department of Health  Human Services, Division of Public Health Services (DPHS) 11 of these cases (85%) were among   persons,” a spokesperson for the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services told Breitbart News in an emailed statement. New Hampshire’s percentage of   cases of TB in 2015 was 19 percent higher than the national average of 66 percent. In 1986, the national average of   cases of TB was only 22 percent. “NH DPHS does not distinguish among categories of   because our public health interventions are not different however, based on the most recent CDC surveillance report, (table 36) only 3 of these 11   individuals diagnosed with TB in 2015 were refugees,” the spokesperson added. Only two of the 13 cases of active TB in New Hampshire in 2015 were diagnosed in U. S.  residents. Three cases were diagnosed in refugees, and six cases were diagnosed in   residents of New Hampshire whose immigration status upon initial arrival in the United States was something other than refugee. Three of these six   residents of New Hampshire diagnosed with active TB in 2015 had an immigrant visa as their immigration status at first entry into the United States, according to the CDC publication Reported Tuberculosis in the United States, 2015. One arrived on a student visa, one arrived on an employment visa, and one arrived as an  . Breitbart News asked the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services why such a high percentage of total TB in New Hampshire is diagnosed in refugees. “When there are as few TB patients as in New Hampshire, proportions may seem high and reporting such may be misleading,” the spokesperson responded. “The total number of TB diagnoses among our refugees is very low,” the spokesperson concluded. But the pattern of high rates of active TB diagnosed among refugees in the state of New Hampshire is not a   “blip,” or data outlier, experienced only in 2015. In 2014, for instance, four refugees resettled in New Hampshire were diagnosed with active TB out of a total of 11 cases diagnosed among New Hampshire residents, according to CDC data. Three U. S.  residents of New Hampshire were diagnosed with active TB that year, while four   residents whose initial immigration status upon arrival was something other than refugee were also diagnosed. In 2013, four out of the 15 cases of active TB diagnosed in New Hampshire, or 26 percent of all cases, were diagnosed in refugees. Ten cases were “other  ” and one was U. S. . A stunning 93 percent of all cases of TB diagnosed that year in the state were  . In 2012, one out of 9 cases of active TB diagnosed in New Hampshire, or 11 percent of all cases, wase diagnosed in a refugee. Nine cases were “other  ” and none were U. S. . One hundred percent of all cases of TB diagnosed that year in the state were  . Breitbart News asked the the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services if “NH DPHS does not distinguish among categories of   because our public health interventions are not different,” how then, did the CDC determine that “3 of these 11   individuals diagnosed with TB in 2015 were refugees” if the state of New Hampshire did not provide this data on refugees to them. The New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services has not yet responded to that inquiry. The  CDC states that data used in its annual publication Reported Tuberculosis in the United States is provided directly by the states: Reporting areas (i. e. the 50 states, the District of Columbia (DC) New York City, Puerto Rico, and other U. S. jurisdictions in the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea) provide information regarding tuberculosis (TB) cases to CDC’s National TB Surveillance System (NTSS) by using a standard case report form, Report of Verified Case of Tuberculosis (RVCT). When asked if the state of New Hampshire has a plan to effectively deal with this refugee TB issue, the spokesperson for the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services did offer a response. “TB is an important but treatable and curable disease. NH DPHS continues to comprehensively address management of TB in accordance with national guidelines through testing for and treating of TB infections surveillance and education of healthcare providers,” the spokesperson said. “These strategies apply to all NH residents whether U. S.  or ” the spokesperson added. Incoming New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu, the first Republican to hold that office in twelve years,  may want to consider establishing a new common sense TB control strategy: not resettling refugees from high TB burden countries in the state.      ",0
19879,Meet the journalist facing 45 years in jail for filming the tar sands pipeline protest in North Dakota,Natural News Editors,"Meet the journalist facing 45 years in jail for filming the tar sands pipeline protest in North Dakota 
Thursday, October 27, 2016 by: Natural News Editors Tags: First Amendment , Dakota Pipeline , criminal journalism (NaturalNews) Are North Dakota authorities waging a war against the public's right to know about the ongoing Standing Rock pipeline protests? We are joined by documentary filmmaker Deia Schlosberg, who was charged earlier this month with three felonies for filming an act of civil disobedience in which climate activists manually turned off the safety valves to stop the flow of tar sands oil through pipelines spanning the U.S. and Canada.The actions took place in Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota and Washington state. Schlosberg is an award-winning filmmaker and was the producer of Josh Fox's recent documentary, ""How to Let Go of the World and Love All the Things Climate Can't Change."" She was filming the action at a valve station owned by TransCanada in Walhalla, North Dakota. She was arrested along with the activists, and her footage was confiscated. Then she was charged with a Class A felony and two Class C felonies—which combined carry a 45-year maximum sentence.(Article republished from DemocracyNow.org ) TRANSCRIPT AMY GOODMAN: But we're joined right now in Los Angeles by Democracy Now! video stream by Deia Schlosberg, the award-winning documentary filmmaker, producer, who was arrested on October 11th in a different area of North Dakota, while reporting on a climate change protest in Walhalla, North Dakota, charged with three felonies, facing 45 years in prison, if convicted. Also with us, Josh Fox. His article in The Nation, ""The Arrest of Journalists and Filmmakers Covering the Dakota Pipeline is a Threat to Democracy—and the Planet."" His previous documentaries include Gasland, which first exposed the harms of the fracking industry, nominated for an Academy Award, also made Gasland 2, which aired on HBO.We welcome you both to Democracy Now! Deia, describe what happened to you. DEIA SCHLOSBERG: Well, on October 11th, I was working as a climate reporter, as I've done for years and years and years, as Josh and I were doing, and the rest of the How to Let Go of the World team, when we made the film. And I was documenting people taking a stand, people on the frontlines of the fight to lessen the impacts of climate change. So, there were—there were five activists across four states that had planned to turn the emergency shutoff valves on the five pipelines that bring all Canadian oil sands into the U.S. And I was documenting this occurrence at the North Dakota site, outside of Walhalla, as you said. I was—I was filming the action. I was on public land. I was on a public road and at no point trespassed, at no point, you know, broke in or destroyed any property. I had nothing to do with the planning of the event. I was there to document it. I think it's essential for journalists to—journalists and filmmakers to go where the mainstream media is not. And there's a major hole in the coverage of climate change and people that are already dealing with the consequences of climate change and people that are fighting climate change. So, I take that responsibility very seriously. AMY GOODMAN: So when did the police come? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: The police came after—well, the activist that was doing the action, Michael, had called the company ahead of time to say that he was—he was going to shut off the valve, so they could—to give them ample time to take any emergency precautions. And then he turned the valve. And meanwhile, the company notified the local police. So, after the valve was closed, they came in probably about 15 minutes. I had my camera set up on a tripod on the public road. And they told me I was arrested for being an accessory to a crime, at which point I was brought to the local jail . I figured it would—things would just have to clear up once they realized what was— AMY GOODMAN: So, they charged you with three felonies? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: —that I was just, you know, exercising my First Amendment— AMY GOODMAN: What were the felonies? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: Conspiracy—they were all conspiracy charges: conspiracy to theft of public—theft of property, conspiracy to theft of service and conspiracy of interfering with a public—a critical public infrastructure. AMY GOODMAN: And you face 45 years in jail? What is your comment on this? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: What is my what? Sorry, the connection is— AMY GOODMAN: What do say about this? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: It's absolutely outrageous. Yeah, I mean, this is what I—this is what I do for my living. This is what I've done for years and years. There's absolutely no grounds for these charges.Read more at: DemocracyNow.org",1
19880,"Cannabis Protects The Brain From Traumatic Injuries And Concussions, Study Finds",Heather Callaghan,"By Brianna Acuesta Big Pharma doesn’t want you to know about everything marijuana can do. More and more studies on the abilities of THC are being released recently, and the results are... ",1
19881,Internet Porn Nearly Ruined His Life. Now He Wants to Help. - The New York Times,Sridhar Pappu,"Alexander Rhodes sat along a stretch of grass, looking out over the Allegheny River. The two of us were sitting in a quiet space on the outskirts of Pittsburgh where we had planned to spend the night in tents camping out. “The key thing to consider is that I am not a very good businessman,” he said. “I’m not really anything but a guy who was addicted to internet porn. ” A few years ago, Mr. Rhodes, 26, founded a website as an online space meant to help others who share his particular problem. It has about one million unique visitors each month, he said, and nearly breaks even. Mr. Rhodes, who grew up in western Pennsylvania and worked at Google until recently, is now hoping to make his site into something larger. With the help of his father and other family members, he is transforming part of an abandoned church into a base of operations for his fledgling company. “It’s one thing to look back and regret what happened in terms of growing up, being addicted to internet porn,” he said. “You might look back and be like: ‘Oh, man. I was a loser. And if I never watched it, my life would be so much better.’ And maybe that’s true. But at the same time, the fact that I was addicted to internet porn, the fact that I was so mediocre, makes me uniquely qualified to help humanity. ” In recent years, Mr. Rhodes has emerged as a spokesman against a “disease” that hasn’t been officially recognized by the medical establishment. He seemed uneasy with his new status. He was careful with every word and asked to go off the record more than a government official. He would not confirm whether he was involved with someone, saying only that, since giving up pornography “for good” in 2013, he has been able to have meaningful relationships with women. In some ways, his story is that of the digital age. His father was a computer programmer, and he was exposed to digital technology from early on. He gravitated to Nintendo Game Boy and eventually moved to the Nintendo 64 and Sony PlayStation. At 11 or so, he said, he clicked on a banner ad by mistake and found an image depicting rape. By the time he had reached adolescence, so had the internet, and Mr. Rhodes came to rely on   pornography that was easy to find and often free. By college, he was masturbating while watching it up to 14 times a day, he said. “I would say, ‘O. K. I have to take a few days to recover from this, like physically recover,’” he said, “and I couldn’t last for even a day. ” Mr. Rhodes’s seeming dependence on porn didn’t help matters with his first girlfriend, whom he started dating when he was a sophomore at the University of Pittsburgh. It was his first real chance for sustained intimacy, and he blew it. “I don’t think it was all due to internet porn,” he said. “But I can tell you that the sex life didn’t go very well. I had   erectile dysfunction  —   a very mild form, and this is all very   because doctors won’t diagnose this  —   but I was able to maintain an erection by fantasizing about pornography. That was the only way. ” In 2011, Mr. Rhodes was lost and in search of support. He created a discussion forum on Reddit on the topic of abstaining from masturbation and pornography. He realized he was far from alone and began his   site soon after. After college, he continued to build the site while working as a contractor for Google, specializing in data analysis. He said he earned good money and was able to put a good amount into the website (called NoFap. com, from a slang term for masturbation). But he was still using the supposed vice he was railing against. It took another failed relationship to get him to quit. “I think I was relying on pornography as some kind of emotional crutch,” he said. “If anything bad would happen, you would go to porn, because it would always be there. “I knew it was bad for me,” he said. “But I also realized it was bad for women I was involved with, and that was the moment that I said: ‘I need to leave this thing behind. It is completely distorting my sexuality to the point where it could actually be harmful or at least not enjoyable for other people who I am involved with. ’” Mr. Rhodes came to believe he had a calling greater than his work in data analysis at Google. “It wasn’t an easy decision,” he said of his leaving the job last year. “But ultimately it was what was best for humanity. ” The website serves as an online umbrella for men looking to escape pornography. It has advertisements for   software and online programs that promote the idea of steering clear of pornography and masturbation. The site also has discussion forums and includes testimonials by men sharing stories of their successes and failures. And it helps match men with “accountability partners” meant to serve as Alcoholics   sponsors, to keep a person on the right path. The site generates revenue through subscriptions and advertising, Mr. Rhodes said. To make it into something more robust, Mr. Rhodes needed to “come out” as a spokesman of sorts. After he appeared in a New York magazine article in 2013 about men who had quit masturbating, he told his mother what was going on, much to her horror. Other interviews followed. While his family remains supportive, there are limits. When he showed his mother a recent article in Time magazine in which he was quoted, she said, joking, “I shouldn’t be reading these types of things about my son,” Mr. Rhodes said, recalling his mother’s reaction. On the first day I visited Mr. Rhodes, we climbed the stairs of the former St. Clement Church in Tarentum, Pa. The structure, built in 1906, had long since been abandoned, its pews, confessional and attached school crumbling and gathering dust. His father, Phillip Rhodes, had recently bought the sprawling complex at auction for $50, 000. While the church is likely to house other businesses, the younger Mr. Rhodes sees a future there for him and a fully staffed operation. He sat on one side of the church confessional while I sat on the other. “Tell me the last time you watched porn,” I said, joking. Despite the location, he has largely kept away from religious people, especially evangelicals wanting to team up with him, even though such a relationship could help fund his work. “I have viewpoints that don’t mesh with their viewpoints,” Mr. Rhodes said. “I’m very  . I’m not a religious person. I’m not someone who supports religion. I’m not against religion, but I don’t support it. And I completely, firmly believe in premarital sex. ” Mr. Rhodes said he has also endured the wrath of those on the other end of the ideological spectrum. People have tried  —   and failed  —   to hack the site’s servers, and its forums have been bombarded with pornographic images, he said. His father received pornography in the mail, Mr. Rhodes said, and he himself has gotten death threats. “It’s just something you have to deal with and let the proper authorities follow up on anything,” he said. Soon it would grow terribly cold, making for a terrible night of sleep in spite of a tent and a supposedly insulated sleeping bag that I bought at a suburban Target. On the morning of our second day, Mr. Rhodes sat near the extinguished campfire from the night before, laptop on his knees. Soon we’d be departing the campsite, heading back to the city, to “civilization. ” But first he had to present a webinar for another   outfit. During the chat, he spoke with people who asked about avoiding triggers. As the session continued, he spoke less about pornography than about the need to take care of oneself, both physically and emotionally. He talked about developing good habits and routines, about changing one’s life in general. When a health care worker asked about fatigue and how he believed it often led him to pornography, Mr. Rhodes told the man that he needed to take care of his own health as well. “It’s like if you’re on an airplane flight,” Mr. Rhodes said, “and they say, ‘Oh, you have to put your oxygen mask on before assisting others with theirs.’ It’s because you’ll pass out trying to get a mask on to somebody else. You have to make sure you’re in a balanced spot in order to best serve other people, in order to best serve the world. ”",0
19882,"Magnetic storm could disrupt power grids, navigation systems and satellites over the next few days",Editor,"This magnetic storm could disrupt power grids, radio navigation systems and satellites causing problems with phone and internet networks A giant coronal hole in the sun recently sent charged particles hurtling toward Earth.
These solar winds triggered a geomagnetic storm that could disrupt power grids, radio navigation systems and satellites, which could cause problems with phone and internet networks.

This most recent event was big enough for the U.S. Space Weather Prediction Center to issue a moderate geomagnetic storm watch for Wednesday.

It isn’t all bad news, though. Because of the strength of the storm, parts of the United States may get a look at the Aurora Borealis, or Northern Lights.

Areas as far south as northern Indiana and northern Ohio could get a bit of a show overnight.
Over the next few days, the chances of any disruptions and auroras will decrease.
Images: Spaceweather.com 
Source: Strange Sounds 
Related: She’s back! Large coronal hole faces Earth again Sunspot Cycles and the Global Shift in Consciousness Evolution of Consciousness triggered by Solar flares Global Elite Prepare for Massive Solar Eruptions Claim Secret Space Program Whistleblower The White House Just Issued An Executive Order officially Preparing For The “Event?” ",1
19883,Donald Trump’s Victory Promises to Upend the International Order - The New York Times,Peter Baker,"JERUSALEM  —   Donald J. Trump’s stunning election victory on Tuesday night rippled way beyond the nation’s boundaries, upending an international order that prevailed for decades and raising profound questions about America’s place in the world. For the first time since before World War II, Americans chose a president who promised to reverse the internationalism practiced by predecessors of both parties and to build walls both physical and metaphorical. Mr. Trump’s win foreshadowed an America more focused on its own affairs while leaving the world to take care of itself. The outsider revolution that propelled him to power over the Washington establishment of both political parties also reflected a fundamental shift in international politics evidenced already this year by events like Britain’s referendum vote to leave the European Union. Mr. Trump’s success could fuel the populist, nativist, nationalist,   movements already so evident in Europe and spreading to other parts of the world. Global markets fell after Tuesday’s election and many around the world scrambled to figure out what it might mean in parochial terms. For Mexico, it seemed to presage a new era of confrontation with its northern neighbor. For Europe and Asia, it could rewrite the rules of modern alliances, trade deals, and foreign aid. For the Middle East, it foreshadowed a possible alignment with Russia and fresh conflict with Iran. “All bets are off,” said Agustín Barrios Gómez, a former congressman in Mexico and president of the Mexico Image Foundation, an organization dedicated to promoting its reputation abroad. Crispin Blunt, chairman of the foreign affairs committee in Britain’s House of Commons, said, “We are plunged into uncertainty and the unknown. ” Many linked Mr. Trump’s victory to the British vote to exit the European Union and saw a broader unraveling of the modern international system. “After Brexit and this election, everything is now possible,” Gérard Araud, the French ambassador to the United States, wrote on Twitter. “A world is collapsing before our eyes. ” The election enthralled people around the world on Tuesday night: night owls watching television in a youth hostel in Tel Aviv computer technicians monitoring results on their laptops in Hong Kong and even onetime oil pipeline terrorists in Nigeria’s remote Delta creeks, who expressed concern about how Mr. Trump’s election would affect their country. It is hardly surprising that much of the world was rooting for Hillary Clinton over Mr. Trump, who characterized his foreign policy as “America First. ” He promised to build a wall along the Mexican border and temporarily bar Muslim immigrants from entering the United States. He questioned Washington’s longstanding commitment to NATO allies, called for cutting foreign aid, praised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, vowed to rip up international trade deals, assailed China and suggested Asian allies develop nuclear weapons. Polls indicated that Mrs. Clinton was favored in many countries, with the exception of Russia. Last summer, the Pew Research Center found that people in all 15 countries it surveyed trusted Mrs. Clinton to do the right thing in foreign affairs more than Mr. Trump by ratios as high as 10 to one. Mr. Trump’s promise to pull back militarily and economically left many overseas contemplating a road ahead without an American ally. “The question is whether you will continue to be involved in international affairs as a dependable ally to your friends and allies,” said Kunihiko Miyake, a former Japanese diplomat now teaching at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. “If you stop doing that, then all the European, Middle Eastern and Asian allies to the United States will reconsider how they secure themselves. ” In Germany, where American troops have been stationed for more than seven decades, the prospect of a pullback seemed bewildering. “It would be the end of an era,” Henrik Müller, a journalism professor at the Technical University of Dortmund, wrote in Der Spiegel. “The postwar era in which Americans’ atomic weapons and its military presence in Europe shielded first the west and later the central European states would be over. Europe would have to take care of its own security. ” Norbert Röttgen, chairman of the German parliamentary committee for foreign policy and a member of the ruling party, said Mr. Trump was “completely inadequate” to his office. “That Trump’s election could lead to the worst estrangement between America and Europe since the Vietnam War would be the least of the damage,” he said. Perhaps nowhere was Mr. Trump’s win more alarming than in Mexico, which has objected to his promises to build a wall and bill America’s southern neighbor for it. “I see a clear and present danger,” said Rossana   director of the Mexico Media Lab, a think tank, and a founder of the Latin American edition of Foreign Affairs. “Every moment will be a challenge. Every move or declaration will be something that will not make us comfortable in the neighborhood  —   and that is to everyone’s detriment. ” With about $531 billion in trade in goods last year, Mexico is America’s   partner after Canada and China. Supply chains in both countries are interdependent, with American goods and parts shipped to Mexican factories to build products that are shipped back into the United States for sale. Five million American jobs directly depend on trade with Mexico, according to the Mexico Institute. The Mexican peso immediately fell 13 percent after the election, its biggest drop in decades. Mr. Barrios Gómez, the former congressman, predicted a   peso devaluation of 20 percent and a Mexican recession “as supply chains across the continent become sclerotic and investments dry up. ” The business community, he said, was “freaking out. ” The economic fallout will probably reverberate farther. Izumi Kobayashi, vice chairwoman of Keizai Doyukai, a Japanese business group, predicted a drop in foreign investment in the United States as executives skeptical of Mr. Trump wait to see what he does. “He has been focusing on the negative side of the global markets and globalization,” Ms. Kobayashi said. “But at the same time it is really difficult to go back to the old business world. So how will he explain to the people that benefit and also the fact that there is no option to go back to the old model of business?” The uneasiness with Mr. Trump’s victory overseas ranged far beyond the country’s traditional partners. Abubakar Kari, a   professor at the University of Abuja, said most Nigerians believed a Trump administration would not bother with issues outside the United States. “If Trump wins, God forbid,” Macharia Gaitho, one of Kenya’s most popular columnists, wrote on Tuesday before the votes came in, “then we will have to reassess our relations with the United States. ” One of the few places where Mr. Trump’s victory was greeted enthusiastically was Russia, where   television has been feasting on the circuslike elements of the American election. Not since the Cold War has Russia played such a big role in a presidential election, with Mr. Trump praising Mr. Putin and American investigators concluding that Russians had hacked Democratic email messages. “Trump’s presidency will make the U. S. sink into a   crisis, including an economic one,” said Vladimir Frolov, a Russian columnist and international affairs analyst. “The U. S. will be occupied with its own issues and will not bother Putin with questions. ” “As a consequence,” he added, “Moscow will have a window of opportunity in geopolitical terms. For instance, it can claim control over the former Soviet Union and a part of the Middle East. What is there not to like?” Others tried to find the upside. Mr. Blunt, the British lawmaker, said he was heartened by Mr. Trump’s selection of Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as his running mate and thought that Britain might be the exception to the new president’s hostility toward trade deals. Israel was another place where Mr. Trump enjoyed some support, mainly because of the perception that he would give the country a freer hand in its handling of the longstanding conflict with the Palestinians. But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders and commentators worried about a broader disengagement from a Middle East awash in war, terrorism and upheaval. “Decisions cannot be postponed,” said Yohanan Plesner, a former member of the Israeli Parliament now serving as president of the Israel Democracy Institute. “The situation in Syria is very chaotic. The unrest in the region is continuing. America has to decide whether it wants to play an active role in shaping the developments of the region. ” And even some countries that might expect to see some benefits from an American retreat worried about the implications. Counterintuitive as it might seem, China was concerned about Mr. Trump’s promise to pull American troops back from Asia. “If he indeed withdraws the troops from Japan, the Japanese may develop their own nuclear weapons,” said Shen Dingli, professor of international relations at Fudan University in Shanghai. “South Korea may also go nuclear if Trump cancels the missile deployment and leaves the country alone facing the North’s threats. How is that good for China?” For American voters, that was not the point. After decades of worrying about what was good for other countries, they decided it was time to worry about what was good for America. And Mr. Trump promised to do just that, even if the rest of the world might not like it.",0
19884,"Google Party Over? Alphabet Cracks Down on Costs, Layoffs Ensue, Division CEOs Quit",IWB,"Google Party Over? Alphabet Cracks Down on Costs, Layoffs Ensue, Division CEOs Quit by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Wolf Richter wolfstreet.com , www.amazon.com/author/wolfrichter 
Third CEO of an Alphabet division to leave since June. 
Five years ago, when Google announced that it would build a super-high-speed fiber-optic network in Kansas City, and then roll it out in other cities, it started an effort to own and control the data pipelines going into homes and businesses. 
Given how frustrated consumers are with their ISPs, it seems people couldn’t wait for Google Fiber, now operated by Alphabet’s Access. Google then spent a fortune building out the network in select cities around the country. This could have been huge . At a huge cost. 
“Amazing bet,” is what Craig Barratt, senior VP at Alphabet and CEO of Access, called Google Fiber in a blogpost yesterday. In the same breath, he also announced that they would “pause” the build-out of Google Fiber in cities where it had been planned, that there would be layoffs and reassignments, though he didn’t say how many, and that he’d “step aside” as CEO of Access. 
His replacement has not been announced. 
He’s the third CEO of an Alphabet division to part ways since June. He prefaced this whole debacle this way: 
And thanks to the hard work of everyone on the Access team, our business is solid: our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue. I am extremely proud of what we’ve built together in five short years. 
Google Fiber is one of two big entities in “Other Bets” of the Alphabet empire, whose CEO Larry Page and new-ish CFO Ruth Porat are trying to crack down on ballooning costs. 
The other big entity in “Other Bets” is Nest Labs, which makes internet-connected thermostats and the like. In a brilliant move, Google had acquired it in 2014 for a breath-taking $3.2 billion. But by now, this move has become very unbrilliant. 
In June, Tony Fadell, Nest co-founder and CEO, quit after internal disputes over this focus on spending. Some key Nest employees moved to Google’s new hardware division. And the entity is in turmoil. 
In August, Bill Maris, CEO of Google’s venture capital arm, GV, also left. 
Earlier this year, Alphabet got second thoughts about its ambitious robotics efforts and put Boston Dynamics up for sale. It had acquired the experimental robot maker in 2013 for $500 million. But tensions soon arose, and co-founder Andy Rubin bailed out in 2014. No deal yet. 
Then there was, infamously, Google Glass…. 
So Google Fiber is in good company. It will cease efforts to install a fiber network in 10 cities where it had been planned but not fully committed, according to Ars Technica . In addition, San Francisco was supposed to get Google fiber for sure, but that has now been cancelled too. 
The 11 cities where Google Fiber has been nixed: Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, and Tampa. 
In “this handful of cities” and also “in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base,” Barratt wrote. Hence the layoffs. 
Google Fiber has already been rolled out in Atlanta, Austin, Charlotte, Kansas City (Missouri and Kansas), Nashville, Provo (Utah), Salt Lake City, and The Triangle (North Carolina). And it’s still publicly committed to building the network – subject to change, I suppose – in Huntsville (Alabama), Irvine (California), San Antonio, and Louisville. 
In June, Google Fiber announced that it would acquire Webpass, a 13-year-old company that provides high-speed wireless internet in Boston, Chicago, Miami, San Diego, Oakland, and San Francisco. A wireless network is a lot cheaper to install in urban areas with multi-family housing than fiber-to-the-home. 
About 9% of the employees at Access will lose their jobs, though some people could be reassigned to entities of Alphabet, according to Ars Technica: 
The source did not say exactly how many employees that percentage represents. Access includes more than just Google Fiber, so the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned is probably a little higher. 
Alphabet headcounts are hard to come by, but this Bloomberg report says Access has about 1,500 employees. The Information report indicates that Google Fiber had about 1,000 employees before the layoffs. If both of those numbers are accurate, then the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned to other parts of Alphabet might be around 13.5 percent. 
Google Fiber apparently has not hit its subscriber goals, and fiber construction is a costly endeavor. While the company isn’t giving up on fiber entirely, it may be able to deploy Internet service at a lower cost using wireless technology. 
“It’s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn’t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,” Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research, told Bloomberg . 
“I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn’t really going anywhere,” Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst, told Bloomberg . 
So serving up digital ads is still Alphabet’s main business, and flourishing. Controlling the high-speed pipeline to get these ads into homes and businesses, and grabbing whatever data can be grabbed by ISPs via deep-packet inspection and other methods still seems to be part of the plan, but now through cheaper and less glamorous wireless services and no longer through the holy grail of data pipelines, optical fiber. And so goes another huge dream to diversity away from advertising.",1
19885,The Powerful Words of John Trudell Ring Out Over Standing Rock,nan,"The Powerful Words of John Trudell Ring Out Over Standing Rock Share on Facebook Tweet The words of John Trudell, who walked on late last year, ring out in this video by filmmakers Heather Rae, Cody Lucich and Ben Dupris, who recently spent time with the water protectors near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation who are trying to stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline’s proposed route under the Missouri River. His words, delivered in the 1980 speech We Are Power, are even more... read more 
The words of John Trudell, who walked on late last year, ring out in this video by filmmakers Heather Rae, Cody Lucich and Ben Dupris, who recently spent time with the water protectors near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation who are trying to stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline’s proposed route under the Missouri River. His words, delivered in the 1980 speech We Are Power , are even more prophetic in the wake of the destruction of sacred burial grounds and the use of dogs and pepper spray against those who tried to stop it. 
“The brutality of the American corporate state way of life is nothing more than violence and repression, and it has nothing to do with power,” Trudell’s voice says. “It is brutality. It’s a lack of a sane balance.” 
Rae, who produced and directed the 2005 Sundance Film Festival documentary selection Trudell , teamed up with Lucich and Dupris and posted this on the Sundance Institute’s website. They graciously shared this, their footage of the movement against the Dakota Access Pipeline, with Indian Country Today Media Network . [watch video below]",1
19886,The Top 10 New York Dishes of 2016 - The New York Times,Pete Wells,"A lot of the food that I transfer from fork to mouth is complicated. Some of it dazzles me, some doesn’t, and I write my reviews accordingly. As time passes, though, it’s the less frenetic stuff that tends to stand out in my memory. The juicy   slab of roast beef, the egg on toast served Mumbai style, the île flottante that vanished on my tongue leaving behind just a memory of transient happiness  —   these are some of my favorite dishes from new restaurants in New York, listed here in no particular order. EGGS KEJRIWAL AT PAOWALLA It’s a fried egg on toast under melted Cheddar that stands out from all others because of a   green chutney that has a glossy underpinning of coconut oil: 195 Spring Street, SoHo    paowalla. com.   PHEASANT AT LE COUCOU Oh, just beautifully juicy pheasant breast, a little meatball of braised pheasant leg cooked in cabbage, and enough wobbly foie gras to make you forget that the United States recently held an election: 138 Lafayette Street, SoHo    lecoucou. com. HONEY MESQUITE CAKE AT PONDICHERI Flour from almonds and ground mesquite pods, seasoned purposefully with ginger, make this a morning pastry without precedent: 15 West 27th Street, NoMad    pondichericafe.  . FROZEN YOGURT AT OLMSTED A heap of lavender cream whipped to stiff peaks sits on and blends in with the yogurt in this wonderfully uncomplicated duet for dairy products: 659 Vanderbilt Avenue, Prospect Heights, Brooklyn    olmstednyc. com. CLAM PIZZA AT PASQUALE JONES Small refinements on the New Haven favorite, like marinating littlenecks in garlic and dribbling cream on the pie, make more difference than you’d suppose: 187 Mulberry Street, Little Italy no phone pasqualejones. com. ÎLE FLOTTANTE AT LE COQ RICO A crème Anglaise made with very yellow, very dense egg yolks is the foundation for a sphere of meringue like a snowman’s head. It’s dusted with hard grains of caramel that crackle between your teeth as the meringue collapses: 30 East 20th Street, Flatiron district    lecoqriconyc. com. ROAST BEEF AT MR. DONAHUE’S The flavor is less like the sandwich meat of delis and bodegas than it is like a great slab of rib roast served on your favorite holiday: 203 Mott Street, NoLIta    mrdonahues. com. CLASSIC BURGER AT SALVATION BURGER This is the pure stuff of hungry roadside American daydreams, with all the most   qualities singled out and amplified: 230 East 51st Street, Midtown East    salvationburger. com. CACIO E PEPE FRITELLE AT LILIA Reconfiguring the great and elemental Roman pasta dish as a fried bar snack is an even more clever idea than it sounds: 567 Union Avenue, Williamsburg, Brooklyn    lilianewyork. com. BUCATINI WITH SQUID AND MUSSELS AT HIGH STREET ON HUDSON Seaweed in the noodles and orange curls of cured lobster coral on top give this pasta an oceanic pull as strong as a riptide: 637 Hudson Street, West Village    highstreetonhudson. com.",0
19887,The Inherent Violence of Israel’s Gaza Blockade,Mike Merryman-Lotze,"Photo by Swithun Crowe | CC BY 2.0 
This fall, the U.S. agreed to provide $38 billion in military aid to Israel over the next ten years, ensuring America’s continued role in funding the occupation of Palestine. Meanwhile, my friends and colleagues here in Gaza live in fear of another significant Israeli attack in the near future. 
They have every reason to fear another major escalation — violence is a daily reality in Gaza. In two recent incidents, a rocket was fired from Gaza into Israel without causing damage or injuries, and in both instances Israel responded by bombing targets throughout Gaza. 
In August alone, Israel bombed more than 50 locations in the small territory . 
The simple story told about these events focuses on action and reaction: Palestinians attacked Israel with a rocket and Israel responded. We hear this logic after nearly every event of this sort, but it’s woefully incomplete. 
In both instances, the rockets fired weren’t fired by Hamas, but rather by small radical armed groups at odds with Hamas, which governs Gaza. These groups seek to incite Israeli attacks on Hamas with the goal of destabilizing its control over Gaza, because they see Hamas as too comfortable with the status quo. 
Since seizing power in 2007, Hamas has worked to control and limit violence from the territory. Outside of periods of defined military escalation — which tend to be precipitated by Israeli attacks — they have effectively stopped attacks against Israel from Gaza. 
This explains why, as noted by the Israeli press, there were only 14 rockets fired from Gaza towards Israel between January and August this year. None were fired by Hamas, so Israel’s decision to target Hamas as a response makes no sense. 
Of course, 14 rockets fired from Gaza is 14 too many for those of us committed to ending all violence, and none of this should be taken as an apology for other violence perpetrated by Hamas. 
But, as the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in the occupied Palestinian territories reports , there were also 45 Israeli military incursions into Gaza this year, resulting in 7 Palestinian deaths and, on average, injuring five Palestinians in Gaza every week. 
This is the part of the story that isn’t told. 
Gaza also remains under an Israeli-imposed blockade that severely limits travel, trade, and life for Gazans. Despite assurances that restrictions would be lifted in the 2014 Hamas-Israel ceasefire agreement, the blockade remains in effect. 
Israel, with support from the U.S. government, claims this decades-long blockade is in place to pressure the people of Gaza to rise up against Hamas and provide security for Israelis. 
If those are Israel’s raisons d’etre, then it’s a complete failure. It hasn’t stopped violence, it hasn’t weakened Hamas, and it hasn’t brought Israelis or Palestinians security. 
While the blockade hasn’t succeeded in achieving the changes Israel claims to be seeking, its impact on the civilian population of Gaza has been immense. 
Over two years after the end of the last large military operation there, much of Gaza remains in ruins. 
Of the 100,000 Palestinians in Gaza who were displaced during the 2014 Israeli bombardment, over 65,000 remain homeless, as 70 percent of the homes seriously damaged or destroyed haven’t been rebuilt. This is largely because reconstruction materials remain blocked from entering Gaza. 
This important context is too often missing as U.S. pundits and politicians consider the situation in Gaza. 
Given the blockade and regular military incursions imposed by Israel, the firing of less than 2 rockets per month by Palestinians cannot be seen as the core reason for violence. 
If the U.S. is serious about promoting peace between Israelis and Palestinians, preventing future violence in Gaza, and guaranteeing security, then it must recognize the violence inherent in the Israeli occupation and end the blockade. 
The next attack on Gaza, feared by my friends who live there, is an inevitable reality if nothing changes. 
Mike Merryman-Lotze has worked with the American Friends Service Committee as the Palestine-Israel Program Director since 2010. 
Distributed by OtherWords.org. ",1
19888,"94 Psychiatric Patients in South Africa Died of Negligence, Report Finds - The New York Times",Kimiko de Freytas-Tamura,"Corpses of psychiatric patients were found with head injuries and unexplained bruises. Relatives were not informed of the deaths of their loved ones. The transfers of mentally ill patients were seen as business opportunities. Those were some of the findings of a South African government investigation published on Wednesday that determined that 94 psychiatric patients died of negligence last year after being moved by the authorities in Gauteng Province to facilities that were likened in some cases to concentration camps. The report prompted calls for criminal prosecutions. More than 1, 300 patients under state care were transferred last year from a unit of Life Healthcare Group, a private hospital group in South Africa, to 27 charitable organizations in an effort by the health department in the province to save money. Pretoria, the country’s administrative capital, and Johannesburg are in Gauteng. The investigation was opened last September after 36 patients were found dead after being moved to some of the facilities operated by the charitable organizations. The report, by Professor Malegapuru W. Makgoba, the South African health ombudsman, found that the death toll was nearly 100, however. Investigators found facilities that were overcrowded and “full of hungry patients,” adding that some were wearing pants held together with shoelaces. Other patients complained of rotten food and said they went weeks without medication. The decision to move the patients “was unwise and flawed,” the report said, “with inadequate planning and a chaotic and rushed or hurried implementation process. ” All 27 of the organizations operated under invalid licenses, it said, so patients who were transferred there had died in “unlawful circumstances. ” The authorities in Gauteng Province, along with some of the care centers, could not be reached for comment. “It’s remarkable that only one person has died from a mental   illness,” Professor Makgoba told local new outlets on Wednesday. The others died from “things like dehydration, diarrhea, epilepsy, heart attacks, all other things except mental illness. ” None of the care centers had professional doctors, nurses, psychiatrists or other therapists that normally cared for the patients, Professor Makgoba said in a separate interview on Thursday. “You have state patients in licensed institutions and you put them into unlicensed institutions,” he said. “I was shocked. ” The families of patients, as well as activists and psychiatrists, had vigorously opposed the plan to move the patients, arguing that it was dangerous to send them to facilities that were not equipped to handle them. Christopher Archer, of the South African Society of Psychiatrists, one of the groups that opposed the transfers, said that it was clear that “precipitous action had been taken without proper planning and these patients were moved prematurely before the facilities were property vetted. ” Public health services in South Africa are under enormous strain and severe budgetary constraints, Mr. Archer said in an interview. “There are more patients than there is money and this was considered a move to try to restrain public spending,” he said. “But it turns out it was completely inappropriate. ” The head of the provincial government’s health department, Qedani Mahlangu, resigned on Tuesday, just before the report was published, and there were mounting calls for David Makhura, the premier of Gauteng Province, to do the same. President Jacob Zuma thanked Professor Makgoba for his report, noting that it would help the government “ensure that such a tragedy does not recur in the health sector,” according to The Associated Press, but many South Africans said they were unconvinced. If 94 mental patients had died from official negligence in a “normal democracy,” the entire national government would have been forced to resign, Barney Mthombothi, a former editor of Financial Mail, a South African business publication, wrote on Twitter.",0
19889,"MSNBC’s Nance: Trump Has ’Always Promised Autocracy,’ He’s ’Closest Thing We’ve Ever Had to King George III’ - Breitbart",Trent Baker,"Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” MSNBC terrorism analyst Malcolm Nance argued that President Donald Trump “never promised democracy” in the election, and instead “always promised autocracy. ”  “Vladimir Putin views Donald Trump as an ally because he intends to establish a series of global autocracies and link the world through autocracy, not through the old communism that he was brought up with,” Nance said to host Joy Reid. He added, “Donald Trump never promised democracy in this election. If you go back, he’s always promised autocracy. In fact, you could argue that   …     Donald Trump is the closest thing we’ve ever had to King George III and they’re very, very much alike. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
19890,,lostinnm,"IMHO we all need to go to these web sites and and post,... not an echo chamber there as there is here. We here seem to all be on the same page,",1
19891,Training French soldiers to supervise Daesh,Pete Kimberley,"Training French soldiers to supervise Daesh Voltaire Network | 27 October 2016 français Español italiano Deutsch Türkçe On 22 September 2016, while cleaning around an abandoned troglodyte refuge not far from the church of Saint-Florent on the outskirts of Saumur (France), a group of workers saw three men drive away hurriedly in a white van. Entering the cave, they discovered video equipment and a generator, as well as newspapers in the Arab language and Daesh flags.
Wishing to calm not only the anxiety of the population, but also the police, the gendarmerie and the sub-prefect, General Arnaud Nicolazo de Barmon, commanding officer of the Military Schools in Saumur declared that the men were not terrorists, but students of a training exercise by the Inter-Army Centre for Nuclear, Biological, Chemical and Radiological defence (CIA NBCR).
If such were the case, in the middle of the current state of emergency, the CIA NBCR would have violated the rules of notification for this exercise, which should have been transmitted to the different local authorities before the exercise began. Apart from this, it is not easy to discern how any of the equipment discovered might be in any way useful for exercises in nuclear, radiological, biological and chemical defence.
In the same buildings as the CIA NBCR in Saumur are the schools specialised in Intelligence and Inter-Army Combat.
The presence of French forces has been noted since the very beginning of the events in Syria, in 2011. In 2012, 19 French soldiers who had been taken prisoner were handed back, at the Lebanese border, to the Army Chief of Staff, Admiral Édouard Guillaud, with other soldiers supervising Baba Amr’s Islamic Emirate. The death of French soldiers supervising the Islamist troops was certified in several places, particularly in Sannayeh in 2013. While France, in 2014, had supported Al-Qaïda against Daesh, the presence of French officers within the Caliphate itself has been attested by several witnesses in 2016.
In November 2014, the Pentagon declared that it had killed an agent of the DGSE (Direction Générale de la Sécurité Extérieure) in Samarda – the agent, David Drugeon, was working within Al-Qaïda, while the French Minister for Defence denied any link with the victim. Thereafter, the US Press confirmed that David Drugeon had trained Mohamed Mera (terrorist attacks in Toulouse and Montauban), and the Kouachi brothers (attack on Charlie Hebdo ).
France has never officially recognised that it has troops on the ground in Syria, although it has admitted that it shares common headquarters there with allied special forces .
Translation
Pete Kimberley",1
19892,Video: We Now Have Proof Obamacare Was Designed to Fail… and Here’s Why,Truthstream Media,"
The oligarchy runs our society with Problem – Reaction – Solution.
We all knew our government was disgustingly corrupt… but now it’s blatantly in-your-face written proof disgustingly corrupt at a time when most of us didn’t think it could get much worse.

If anything, these leaks have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the two-party system is an illusion and the whole construct is one huge pay-for-play corporate sham. Obamacare was always meant to destroy the private health care system and usher in single-payer, government run socialist medicine. It was designed that way… and it’s “working”. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Truthstream Media of TruthstreamMedia.com . 
Aaron Dykes and Melissa Melton created Truthstream Media.com as an outlet to examine the news, place it in a broader context, uncover the deceptions, pierce through the fabric of illusions, grasp the underlying factors, know the real enemy, unshackle from the system, and begin to imagine the path towards taking back our lives, one step at a time, so that one day we might truly be free… ",1
19893,"In Tribute to Son, Khizr Khan Offered Citizenship Lesson at Convention - The New York Times",Richard A. Oppel Jr.,"When Capt. Humayun Khan was ordered to Iraq a dozen years ago, his father wanted to talk to him about being an American Muslim soldier sent to war in a Muslim country. His son, though, was focused only on the job at hand. “I asked him, ‘How do you feel about the whole Iraq deal?’ ” recalled Khizr Khan, who became a United States citizen after emigrating from Pakistan in 1980. “He said: ‘Look, that’s not my concern and that’s not my pay grade. My responsibility is to make sure my unit is safe.’ And that’s all he would talk about, and nothing else. ” Captain Khan, 27, died on June 8, 2004, after he told his men to take cover and then tried to stop a suicide bomber outside the gates of his base in Baquba. And on Thursday night, speaking about his son at the Democratic National Convention, Mr. Khan gave a voice to Muslim Americans outraged by the   pronouncements of the Republican nominee for president, Donald J. Trump. In a speech that electrified the convention and turned Mr. Khan into a social media and cable news sensation, he waved a pocket Constitution and challenged Mr. Trump, “You have sacrificed nothing and no one. ” Mr. Trump’s call for restrictions on Muslims entering the country is acutely personal, Mr. Khan said, in an interview on Friday, adding that he had no plans to campaign for Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, nor had the campaign asked him to. Mr. Trump’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment on Mr. Khan’s remarks. In December Mr. Trump called for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on. ” More recently, he has pledged to suspend immigration from any country “compromised by terrorism. ” If restrictions on Muslim immigration had been in place decades ago, Mr. Khan said, neither he, a lawyer with an advanced degree from Harvard Law School his wife, Ghazala, who taught Persian at a Pakistani college before raising three boys in the Washington suburbs their eldest son, Shaharyar, who was a top student at the University of Virginia and a   of a biotechnology company nor Captain Khan, who posthumously earned the Bronze Star, along with a Purple Heart, for saving the lives of his men, would have been allowed to settle here. A third son, Omer, who works at his brother’s biotech company, was born in the United States. “If it was up to Donald Trump, he never would have been in America,” Mr. Khan exclaimed about his deceased son during his speech, his wife by his side. Mr. Khan said that Mr. Trump “wants to build walls and ban us from this country. ” “Let me ask you: Have you even read the United States Constitution? I will gladly lend you my copy,” Mr. Khan said, addressing Mr. Trump directly, while pulling a miniature version of the country’s founding document from his coat pocket. Mr. Khan said he admires both Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama, though Thomas Jefferson is his real hero. Mr. Khan’s odyssey from lawyer and legal consultant to   D. N. C. speaker began in December, when he got a phone call from a writer for Vocativ, an online publication, who wanted his thoughts on Mr. Trump’s statements about Muslims. Mr. Khan criticized Mr. Trump’s statements as   in an article published by Vocativ. A few weeks later, he got a phone call from a Clinton campaign official, who had seen the article and asked if his comments could be used in a tribute for his son at the convention. “I said, ‘What a wonderful honor,’ ” he recalled in the interview. “Who am I to say, ‘No’?” Months later, the campaign asked if he and his wife would come to the convention. “The initial plan was just to go there and stand and talk to the media afterwards,” he said. “Then somebody called and said, ‘Would you like to say a word or two?’ ” Time was tight and the schedule packed, he was told. The campaign asked whether he needed speechwriting help or any coaching. “I said: ‘I really don’t, I have my thoughts in my head,” he said. “I won’t make it an hourlong speech, just let me say what I want to say. It will be   . ” Nothing from the speech, he said, was the product of the campaign, including his dig at Mr. Trump’s lack of military service. It all flowed pretty easily, because he had been thinking about these things for quite a while, he said. Mr. Khan expressed great faith in the Constitution and in a political process that bolsters a belief that “an unqualified person will never get to this office. ” “I respect the Republican Party as much as the Democratic Party,” he said. But he added: “I definitely will continue to raise my voice out of concern that the Republican leadership must pay attention to what is taking place. ” Mr. Khan met his wife at Punjab University in Lahore, Pakistan. They moved to Dubai, where their two eldest sons were born, then arrived in Houston, renting a $   apartment. Eventually they settled outside Washington, where Mr. Khan worked at a mortgage company and law firms. Captain Khan attended John F. Kennedy High School in Silver Spring, Md. In his free time, he taught disabled children to swim. At the University of Virginia, he joined the R. O. T. C. program, and majored in psychology, his father said. He planned to attend law school. His last conversation with his parents was on Mother’s Day 2004. His mother said: “ ‘I don’t want you to be a hero. I want you to return back to me safely,’ ” Mr. Khan recalled. “Of course I will,” he promised her. “But Mother, you should know I have responsibility for these soldiers, and I cannot leave them unprotected. ” The bomber who took Captain Khan’s life drove an    taxi toward the base. Had the captain not warned his men to take cover, “there would have been more casualties,” his brigade commander, Dana Pittard, said in an interview. Recalling the captain’s potential as he watched Mr. Khan’s speech, Mr. Pittard said, “I had to leave the room, it brought back such a flood of memories. ” After their son’s death, Mr. Khan and his wife, who had moved to Charlottesville to be close to their other sons, had the university’s R. O. T. C. cadets over for dinner once a year. Mr. Khan would give them each a   copy of the Constitution, just like the one he brandished on Thursday, said Tim Leroux, who used to run the R. O. T. C. program. University officials let Mr. Khan read an application essay his son wrote for a residential college. In the essay, Captain Khan wrote of how “liberty requires vigilance and sacrifice” and that those who are “beneficiaries of liberty must always bear this in mind, and keep it safe from attacks. ” “That summed up his later life,” Mr. Khan said.",0
19894,"Cohn: Trump Becoming ""Smarter,’ ’More Knowledgeable’ on Climate Change - Breitbart",Joel B. Pollak,"White House economic advisor Gary Cohn made the curious comment in Sicily on Friday that President Donald Trump’s views on climate change were “evolving. ”[It was not clear exactly what that meant. “Evolution” could mean moving towards the alarmist consensus of the left  —   or it could also mean toward a skeptical view, one more carefully informed by scientific and economic reality.  In political terms, “evolving” is usually a term used by the left, a euphemism to describe when a politician has changed his or her position. Its most significant use was in regards to President Barack Obama’s views on gay marriage, which were said to have “evolved” from outright Christian opposition to   liberal embrace. Like the term “progressive,” the term “evolution” implies an improvement in moral and intellectual terms, from prejudice and ignorance to reason and enlightenment. The left, presuming that its own views are superior, and that the “long arc of history” bends in its direction, expects people to “evolve” in its direction. What was stranger were Cohn’s words explaining how Trump is said to be evolving. The president, he said, was becoming “smarter” and becoming “more knowledgeable” about the issue. Again, that could mean Trump is growing skeptical of the alarmist,   view around which our public debate on climate change revolves. (In obtaining a degree in environmental science and public policy from Harvard, for instance, I became more knowledgeable about the problems in modeling climate  —   problems that have not improved much since then, despite the radical advances in computer technology and data analysis.) It is also possible that Cohn was shaping his assessment of the president’s views to flatter his largely European audience, which believes in climate change the way people on other continents believe in religion. That flattery may have been appropriate, for diplomatic reasons. What defies explanation is why he would imply that his boss had previously been less “smart” about the issue, or less well informed. It is the kind of comment that tends to reinforce the false narrative the media spins about every single Republican president  —   i. e. that he is stupid. It is also a comment that carries considerable political risk. Conservatives resent being told, usually by leftists, that their generally skeptical views on climate change are poorly informed, or “denialist. ” Often, the leftists making such accusations cannot actually explain themselves how climate change is presumed to take place, and never consider a view other than their own. For now, conservatives continue to hold out hope that the president “evolves” the U. S. out of the Paris climate agreement and toward a more sensible policy that uses innovation in energy technology to harness domestic resources of all kinds, and grow the U. S. economy while reducing emissions. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19895,SpaceX Says It’s Ready to Launch Rockets Again - The New York Times,Kenneth Chang,"After the explosion in September of one of its rockets, SpaceX is now ready to get back into the business of sending payloads to space, the company announced on Monday, with its next rocket headed to orbit as soon as Sunday. In a statement, SpaceX  —   or more formally, Space Exploration Technologies Corporation  —   said that an investigation had determined the likely cause: an unexpected interplay of supercold helium and oxygen with carbon fibers and aluminum. The statement Monday added technical details about what went wrong, and the company said it had devised workarounds to prevent a recurrence. The cascade of explosions on Sept. 1 that destroyed a Falcon 9 rocket on the launchpad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida was perplexing and concerning, because it occurred during what is usually regarded as a safer portion of operations  —   the fueling of propellants  —   about eight minutes before the ignition of the engines for a planned test. (The launch had been scheduled for two days later.) The trouble appeared to start near the liquid oxygen tank on the second stage of the   rocket, and in less than a tenth of a second, that section was in flames, followed by the destruction of the entire rocket and a $200 million communications satellite whose customers included Facebook, which had planned to use it to expand internet services in Africa. Under current federal laws, investigations into such explosions are led by the company that built the rocket, not by a government agency. The investigation panel included representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration, the United States Air Force, NASA and the National Transportation Safety Board. Falcon 9 rockets are used to carry NASA cargo to the International Space Station and are to provide transportation for astronauts beginning in 2018. SpaceX is also competing to win contracts to launch Department of Defense spy satellites. With few obvious clues to the explosion, the company initially considered hypotheses like sabotage, that a sniper had fired a shot rupturing the oxygen tank from the roof of a competitor’s building nearby. “The accident investigation team worked systematically through an extensive fault tree analysis,” SpaceX said in its statement. The investigation narrowed in on three helium containers within the   liquid oxygen tank. The containers consist of an aluminum liner with an outer layer of strong carbon fibers. During launch, as the liquid oxygen is consumed, the helium is heated and released to maintain pressure within the tank. In December 2015, SpaceX began using an upgraded Falcon 9 design that uses supercooled liquid oxygen at minus 340 degrees, 40 degrees colder than what is typically used. The lower temperature makes the oxygen denser, which improves engine thrust. But the helium was even colder. As the carbon and aluminum cool, they shrink at different rates, opening gaps into which liquid oxygen could flow. In addition, the helium may have been below the temperature at which oxygen freezes, and some of the trapped oxygen may have become solid. “Really surprising problem that’s never been encountered before in the history of rocketry,” Elon Musk, the chief executive of SpaceX, said in an interview on CNBC in November. Both carbon and aluminum can burn, and with oxygen sandwiched in between, all of the ingredients for a conflagration were present. Friction or the breaking of fibers could have provided the energy for ignition, the company said. Tests at SpaceX’s facilities in Hawthorne, Calif. and McGregor, Tex. supported that conclusion, the company said. The configuration of the helium containers has been shifted, and the fueling procedures will change so that the helium will be warmer, SpaceX said. The next SpaceX launch is to carry a   of satellites for Iridium Communications, which provides communications services including satellite telephones through a constellation of satellites. Iridium is looking to replace the surviving 65 original satellites with 70 new satellites, each about the size of a Mini Cooper car. A month ago, Iridium issued a statement saying it hoped that SpaceX would be able to launch its satellites in   but less than a week later, SpaceX said it was pushing back the launch date to early January. The Iridium satellite is to be launched by SpaceX from a leased launchpad at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. For launches from Florida, SpaceX hopes to complete renovations at Launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center, once used for space shuttle launches. SpaceX is tentatively aiming to resume cargo flights to the space station this month.",0
19896,Woman faces jail for dismal selection of office birthday cakes,nan,"Tuesday 22 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree Woman faces jail for dismal selection of office birthday cakes 
An Essex woman is facing prison for providing a dismal selection of cakes for the office to celebrate her birthday. 
The incident took place at the offices of Hadley and Kemp Solutions in Hatfield Peveral yesterday. It was Eileen Plankton’s birthday and anticipation was high as she entered the office with several Marks and Spencer bags. 
“Oh yeah, everyone was really impressed,” said a colleague who wished to remain anonymous. 
“I mean – Markses; I thought we were in for a real treat. They do a lovely cream horn.” 
After several hours of playfully tormenting her colleagues with amusing comments like ‘these bags? No, they’re just lunch. I’m a bit peckish today,’ Mrs Plankton finally sent the following email: