21 again, and if you believe that you’ll believe anything. Some sweet treats on Len’s desk (he’s off having his prolapse sorted, so he won’t mind). 
However, excitement turned to disappointment as the true nature of the cakes became clear. 
“Well, she might as well have just shat all over the desk,” continued Mrs Plankton’s colleague. 
“They weren’t Markses cakes at all, she’d just reused the bags. There was a box of Poundstretcher’s broken biscuits, some cheap cheese straws and six boxes of Value jam tarts. 
“I mean, I didn’t know what to do with myself. This horrible silence descended as everyone saw what she’d done. 
“I just ate nine jam tarts without looking at her and walked off not even bothering to say ‘Thank you’.” 
Shortly afterwards the police were called, Mrs Plankton was arrested and she is expected to be sentenced to between 18-24 months for her crimes. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",1
19897,'We don't care about your red line': Turkey slams EU criticism over journalists' arrests - Russia News Now,nan,"This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Murad Sezer / Reuters An armored police vehicle drives past by the headquarters of Cumhuriyet newspaper, an opposition secularist daily, in Istanbul, Turkey, October 31, 2016. 
Turkish PM Binali Yildirim has responded to concerns expressed by Ankara’s EU partners over the situation with the freedom of expression in the country, saying that European standards apparently have no importance for Turkey. 
Following Monday’s arrests of the editor-in-chief and other top staff of Turkey’s opposition Cumhuriyet daily, European Parliament President Martin Schulz harshly criticized Ankara’s actions, having called it a part of a “purge… motivated by political considerations, rather than legal and security rationale.” 
Turkey has once again crossed the “red line” against freedom of expression, the politician wrote on Twitter. 
“Brother, we don’t care about your red line. It’s the people who draw the red line. What importance does your line have. We draw another red line on top of yours,” Yildirim told members of his ruling AK Party in a parliament speech. 
Implying that its only the people of Turkey who can hold the government “accountable” for its actions, Yildirim said Ankara would not be intimidated by EU’s “threats”. 
Crowds gathered by the Cumhuriyet offices during the night, to express their support for the media, Reuters reported. According to Turkey’s journalists’ association, 170 media outlets have been shut down following the attempted coup. 
“We are not going to learn from you what press freedom is. We support it all the way,” Reuters quoted Yildirim as saying. 
The new wave of arrests and investigations of the Cumhuriyet staff come under accusations that the media – which has been critical of President Tayyip Erdogan, had assisted a failed military coup in July. Alleging that the journalists played their part in the coup by publishing “subliminal messages” in their columns, according to Turkish Anadolu agency, prosecutors accused them of supporting Kurdish militants and US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. The latter is blamed by the government for orchestrating the coup. 
“[Our European friends] always bring up press freedom when we take steps in our fight against terrorism,” the prime minister said, adding that Turkey has “no problem with press freedom.” 
[embedded content] ",1
19898,The Playlist: Barack Obama’s Summery Playlists and Green Day’s Fiery Return - The New York Times,Jon Caramanica and Nate Chinen,"Every Friday, pop critics for The New York Times weigh in on the week’s most notable new songs and videos  —   and anything else that strikes them as intriguing  —   in the Playlist. You can listen to this playlist on Spotify here. Like this format? Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes. com. Every time Dad gets control of the Sonos, he’s always trying to tell us something. Like, in the mornings, there’s this persistent thrum of good vibes. Energy so positive it makes caffeine seem like codeine. The Courtney Barnett song with the least anxiety! Nina    with Aretha! That bluesy Sara Bareilles song with the hiccupping piano! Literally “Good Vibrations!” He’ll play a couple of rap songs with cursing in them  —   LOL  —   but nothing with any real teeth. Not even Kendrick! (Weirdly, no gospel, though.) Every day, it’s like this: A reminder to face the world with, like, an open heart. It’s no wonder then that, at night, all dad wants to do is chill. I mean, do you hear those songs? I mean, not even the whole song  —   just the first few seconds of throbby   synths on that Chrisette Michele song! Or that Corinne Bailey Rae one, the one literally called “Green Aphrodisiac. ” When D’Angelo’s “Lady” comes on, it’s almost as if Dad is trolling us, but really what he’s saying is that it’s time, after a day of relentless optimism in the face of national and international trauma, for grown folks to relax. Yes, Dad. We hear you. JON CARAMANICA The next album by Green Day  —   “Revolution Radio,” due on Oct. 7  —   returns the band to charged sociopolitical footing, and to a froth of righteous insurgence. You wouldn’t have to hear any music to recognize that this is the best possible news for Green Day, which has been mostly quiet over the last few years, and most recently released an album (three of them, actually) in 2012. “Bang Bang,” the first single from “Revolution Radio,” has all the snarl and pep you could want, mobilizing classic punk strategies with ruthless pop efficiency. But its lyrical premise is pointed and potent: Billie Joe Armstrong wrote the song in the voice of a delusional young mass shooter, dreaming of glory and infamy: It’s an unsettling chorus to picture on an arena stage, with thousands of fans belting along. But unsettling is what Mr. Armstrong wants here, and the furiously catchy qualities of the tune help his cause. NATE CHINEN No one in pop walks tightropes more elegantly than Chance the Rapper. And in this   song, which is really the soundtrack for a short film advertising Nike and the United States Olympic men’s and women’s basketball teams, he manages to be a rapper, singer and   poet both creatively progressive and amenably corporate and simultaneously politically radical and earnestly patriotic. He’s a gold medalist in playing to the crowds  —   all of them. J. C. Thursday night the Robert Glasper Experiment played a brief set on its home turf, as part of the BRIC Celebrate Brooklyn! Festival in Prospect Park. From the stage, Mr. Glasper announced that the band’s new studio album, “ArtScience,” is due on Sept. 16. A lead single, “Find You,” gives some hint as to the band’s new coordinates: less simmering RB, more   fusion. It features the bassist Derrick Hodge on lead vocals, singing a romantic entreaty through light electronic processing, while the band hurtles through several variations on a groove. A guest guitar solo by Michael Severson leaves no doubt as to the role that   virtuosity can play here. And after the track seems to have wound down, there’s a coda with a   by Mr. Glasper’s young son, Riley, who rails against police injustice: “We stand up for freedom. ” N. C. The splashiest debut in   this week came from the female foursome Blackpink  —   Jennie, Lisa, Jisoo and Rosé  —   who appear   to fill the hole left by the hiatus of pioneering girl group (and labelmates, on YG Entertainment) 2NE1. Of Blackpink’s first two singles, the better one is “Whistle,” which uses the Ying Yang Twins’s “Wait (The Whisper Song)” as a   point for an elastic   thumper. Like 2NE1, Blackpink features singers and rappers  —   Lisa’s rapping is the highlight here  —   and a sleek blend of exuberance and sass. J. C. To date, the Scranton, Pa. punk outfit the Menzingers have been happiest as brawlers  —   thoughtful brawlers, but rowdy all the same. The new single “Lookers” feels like a sore muscle: solid at the core, but tender at the edges. The lead singer Greg Barnett sings of the king he once was  —   “Lost in a picture   way my body used to behave”  —   with both longing and residual verve. (And he applies a heavy patina of geographically specific   nostalgia  —   “Jersey girls are always total   Julie from the Wonder   I still wonder where you are”  —   that verges on Gaslight Anthem territory.) For a band prone to upheaval, this song about the fading of the light is surprisingly meditative. Mr. Barnett never sounds rueful, only grateful for the shot he once had, and maybe missed. J. C. The   and jazz bassist Esperanza Spalding has just announced a tour, kicking off this weekend at the Richmond Jazz Festival and winding across North and South America through the fall. She’s drawing from “Emily’s D+Evolution,” the album she released in the spring, signaling a firm alignment with funk, rock and soul. One of the best songs on the album is “Unconditional Love,” a   ballad in which Ms. Spalding questions the need for so much turmoil in a relationship, calling for something simpler and truer. A handsome new video for the song (directed by Calmatic, who has mainly worked with   artists) shows Ms. Spalding backstage at a concert venue, being primped for a performance. Then comes a sudden transformation: She’s Emily, her childlike alter ego, in street clothes and a different hairdo. Liberated, she wanders, dances and finds her romantic foil, in a series of scenes that could either be a figment of imagination or as real as it gets. N. C. The jazz pianist Fred Hersch rarely sounds better than he does at the Village Vanguard, where he’ll be in residence with his trio next week. He has an inspired new album, “Sunday at the Vanguard,” recorded in the spring, on the final night of his most recent engagement there. “Blackwing Palomino” is one of its five original compositions, a moseying tune that conveys intensity of purpose without ever breaking a sweat. It’s a strong argument for Mr. Hersch’s acutely sensitive bond with the bassist John Hébert and the drummer Eric McPherson, who have constituted his trio for the better part of a decade. Placed alongside the other originals, a songbook standard (“A Cockeyed Optimist”) a Beatles tune (“For No One”) and one by Thelonious Monk (“We See”) it becomes part of a representative picture of Mr. Hersch’s nightclub set on a good night. That’s ample reason to seek out the album, as well as a reminder to book a reservation at the club. N. C.",0
19899,Televisión: lo más visto ayer,Tomás Fuentes,"TV3 
Día extraordinario el de ayer en la parrilla televisiva. Por primera vez desde que hay registros, La 2 de Televisión Española consiguió ser la cadena más vista. Aprovechando el tirón de “Operación Triunfo: el Reencuentro”, emitió el documental de National Geographic titulado “La Cobra” . Gracias a esto, #ChenoaDiosa fue Trending Topic mundial. 
Telecinco ocupó el segundo puesto en el ránking catódico con la emisión de un especial Sálvame Deluxe , donde Susana Díaz se sometía al polígrafo. El minuto de oro fue el momento en que la andaluza negó haber conspirado contra Pedro Sánchez y el polígrafo explotó. 
El estreno del nuevo reality de Cuatro alcanzó unas cifras aceptables, constatando que el mundo del sadomasoquismo está en auge. La cadena de Mediaset ya ha confirmado que habrá segunda temporada de Sadomaso busca esposas . 
No tuvo tanta suerte Antena 3, que también estrenaba un nuevo formato: Tu tara me suena . Diferentes famosos se caracterizan de gente con diferentes defectos físicos. La estrella de la noche fue Arévalo, que sacó del baúl de los recuerdos su fantástica interpretación de un gangoso. 
La Sexta vivió una de sus peores jornadas desde su nacimiento. Una afonía de Ferreras dejó en cuadros a la cadena, obligándola a suspender sus emisiones y a poner en bucle el mítico desmayo de Lopetegui. 
La cadena estatal menos vista ayer fue La 1 de Televisión Española. No logró convencer a la audiencia con su capítulo especial de El Ministerio del Tiempo . La trama situaba a los protagonistas en un pasado reciente, cuando Bárcenas entró de tesorero en el Partido Popular. Sin embargo, los discos duros donde se guardó el capítulo fueron formateados misteriosamente, precipitando el final del capítulo tan solo 15 minutos después de empezar. 
En clave autonómica, la catalana TV3 obtuvo un espectacular 93% de “share” con el programa “Tapetes de ganchillo para tu butaca” , evidenciando el considerable envejecimiento de su audiencia. 
En Euskadi, ETB tuvo unos resultados discretos con el documental “Searching for Pintxo Man” , la biografía de un vasco que, sin saberlo, es una celebridad en Sudáfrica gracias a sus pintxos de txistorra. 
La Televisión de Galicia pinchó con la final de su reality “Operación Munheira” . El público debía votar al mejor concursante del programa. Como siempre que se vota, ganó el PP.",1
19900,Tiger Woods Withdraws from Two Tournaments: ‘Don’t Think I’ll Ever Feel Great Again’ - Breitbart,Robert J. Marlow,"“I feel good, not great,” Tiger Woods told chief executive of the RA, Peter Dawson. “I don’t think I’ll ever feel great again because it’s been three back surgeries and four knee operations. ”[That somewhat pessimistic characterization of his own health condition puts a dark shadow over Tiger Woods’ prospects of ever surpassing Jack Nicklaus’ 18 major championships. Woods owns 14 majors and is second to The Golden Bear on the   major winners’ list. Moreover, with the field of impressive and fit young talent on the PGA tour, the question becomes whether a “good” Tiger can ever walk off the 18th hole on a Sunday afternoon resting alone at the top of the leaderboard.   A back spasm last week at the Dubai Desert Classic forced Woods to pull himself from the tournament after stumbling to a    77 in the first round. The    who once dominated the sport and ranked #1 in the world for over a decade, now must lower the expectations bar as he faces the reality of a failing body. “I’m always going to be a little bit sore. As long as I can function, I’m fine with that,” Tiger spoke. “It was a tough, tough road,” the beleaguered golf icon told CNN when referring to his protracted   layoff to recover from his last two back surgeries. “There was a lot of dark times where I couldn’t get out of bed, couldn’t move, the pain was too great.  “Anyone who’s ever had nerve pain in their back, they certainly understand what that feels like. I honestly didn’t know this time last year, I didn’t know if I’d ever play golf again. Just because of the fact that it’s nerve pain. ” Woods started his comeback in December playing at his own tournament, the Hero World Challenge, where he showed some glimpses of his old self. He fired a 65 on his Friday round and led the field with most birdies over the   tournament, despite finishing 15th in a field of 18.  Woods teed it up for his first   tournament since his layoff, the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines, two weeks ago. That ended poorly for the winner of 79 PGA tournaments, as he failed to make the cut to play on the weekend. The positive takeaway, however, was he felt strong and swung well. Unfortunately, the flat stick failed him during his Thursday and Friday rounds, where he misread greens and lipped out several putts. Woods previously won at Torrey Pines 8 times, including the US Open in 2008. Friday Woods announced on his own website “that due to ongoing back spasms, similar to what he experienced in Dubai, he will be unable to compete in the Genesis Open and The Honda Classic. ”  “My doctors have advised me not to play the next two weeks, to continue my treatment and to let my back calm down,” Woods explains. “This is not what I was hoping for or expecting. I am extremely disappointed to miss the Genesis Open, a tournament that benefits my foundation, and The Honda Classic, my hometown event. I would like to thank Genesis for their support, and I know we will have an outstanding week. ” Tiger was scheduled to play both of those tournaments as key stepping stones to sharpening his game for his return to the Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in April. Woods’ chance to add another major victory to his distinguished career appears to be fading away once again.",0
19901,FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption,nan,"FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption November 07, 2016 FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption 
We are in uncharted territory. Unfettered corruption has metastasized to the highest levels of government. FBI Director James Comey, a man once widely respected throughout all levels of law enforcement, has sadly sealed his legacy as a crooked shill for the Clinton crime family. It’s the theatre of the absurd. Based upon his Sunday announcement that he intends to put the kibosh, for now at least, on Hillary Clinton’s criminal investigations, Mr. Comey has asked the American people to believe that the FBI thoroughly reviewed 650,000 emails from Anthony Weiner’s laptop in a whopping 691,200 seconds. I suspect Comey may have come across details of his own impending “suicide” on Weiner’s hard drive. It’s little wonder that trust for government is at an all-time low, and that the FBI has become a national laughing stock. 
Indeed, a preponderance of legal and political analysists agree that the level of corruption and cover-up forcing Richard Nixon to resign his presidency in disgrace in 1974, pales by comparison to the evidence behind the multiple criminal investigations surrounding Hillary Clinton – the Democratic Party’s embattled presidential nominee. Both the Clinton Foundation and Clinton email scandals represent, jointly and separately, Watergate on steroids. 
While a week ago Mr. Comey sent a letter to both Republicans and Democrats in Congress advising them that, “In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the [ongoing Clinton] investigation,” an even greater bombshell shook the Clinton camp mid-week. “Fox News reports Wednesday night that the FBI’s Clinton Foundation probe has produced an ‘avalanche of evidence’ likely to result in indictments,” reports the Washington Times. 
“Bret Baier, based on two sources, said in a tweet that ‘barring obstruction they’d likely continue 2 push to try for an indictment.’” The “obstruction” referenced, as Baier later explained, is that presently being conducted by the Obama Department of Justice (DOJ) in general, and Attorney General Loretta Lynch in particular. As leaks indicate, the DOJ has placed a roadblock at every corner in an effort to obstruct the ongoing FBI investigations into Mrs. Clinton’s illicit activities. Multiple reports further indicate that said DOJ obstruction has triggered an uprising within the Bureau. 
“Mr. Baier,” continues the Times, “said the probe into pay-for-play charges at the Foundation by the Bureau’s White Collar Crime division has been going on for more than a year and has involved multiple interviews with numerous individuals.” 
It doesn’t take a beltway insider to recognize that if Hillary Clinton takes the White House on Tuesday, an unprecedented constitutional crisis looms large. An already divided nation will be thrown into chaos, and a hyper-partisan Washington D.C. will effectively settle, like concrete, into total gridlock. 
The aforementioned criminal investigations into Secretary Clinton’s activities, though intertwined in a tangled web of deleted emails, pay-to-play shakedowns and obstruction of justice, are otherwise quite easy to understand. While serving as Secretary of State Mrs. Clinton had a private email server installed in the basement of her Chappaqua, NY home with the express, and very much illegal, purpose of leveraging her federal power and authority to both solicit Clinton Foundation donations, and to conduct official State business. The private server enabled her to avoid government oversight and accountability, and to racketeer under cover of darkness. 
Mrs. Clinton then obtained and used a private email address, , to conceal her illicit activity. While soliciting bribes from foreign dignitaries, Islamic terrorist nations, and foreign corporate wheeler-dealers, she likewise transmitted highly classified government information over her unsecured network. No less than five enemy nations then hacked the account with little difficulty, gaining access to classified State secrets. 
Mrs. Clinton shamelessly – treasonously – placed her own personal enrichment above national security and the lives and safety of American citizens both at home and abroad. 
Thus, in the interest of both justice and the best interests of the American people, FBI agents and other government officials with direct evidence of Hillary Clinton's crimes (and the Obama DOJ’s ongoing cover-up) should immediately release that evidence to both Congress and the public at large. It’s not a “leak” when the level of systemic crime and corruption has reached critical mass, as it has within both the Obama administration and Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign. These public servants will be whistleblowers, not rouge agents – patriots, not partisans. Their oath is to the U.S. Constitution, not to a second rate community organizer, his Marxist political party, or that party’s career criminal presidential nominee. 
They’d better hurry, though. Mr. Obama likely has his Clinton pardon already drafted and saved on “we the people’s” very-much-secure government server. 
Matt Barber is founder and editor-in chief of BarbWire.com . He is author of “Hating Jesus: The American Left’s War on Christianity,” a columnist, a cultural analyst and an attorney concentrating in constitutional law. Having retired as an undefeated heavyweight professional boxer, Matt has taken his fight from the ring to the culture war. (Follow Matt on Twitter: @jmattbarber). Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",1
19902,The De Facto US/Al Qaeda Alliance,nan,"License DMCA 
A curious aspect of the Syrian conflict -- a rebellion sponsored largely by the United States and its Gulf state allies -- is the disappearance in much of the American mainstream news media of references to the prominent role played by Al Qaeda in seeking to overthrow the secular Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. 
There's much said in the U.S. press about ISIS, the former ""Al Qaeda in Iraq"" which splintered off several years ago, but Al Qaeda's central role in commanding Syria's ""moderate"" rebels in Aleppo and elsewhere is the almost unspoken reality of the Syrian war. Even in the U.S. presidential debates, the arguing between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been almost exclusively about ISIS, not Al Qaeda. 
Though Al Qaeda got the ball rolling on America's revenge wars in the Middle East 15 years ago by killing several thousand Americans and others in the 9/11 attacks, the terrorist group has faded into the background of U.S. attention, most likely because it messes up the preferred ""good guy/bad guy"" narrative regarding the Syrian war. 
For instance, the conflict in Aleppo between Syrian government forces and rebels operating primarily under Al Qaeda's command is treated in the Western media as simply a case of the barbaric Assad and his evil Russian ally Vladimir Putin mercilessly bombing what is portrayed as the east Aleppo equivalent of Disney World, a place where innocent children and their families peacefully congregate until they are targeted for death by the Assad-Putin war-crime family. 
The photos sent out to the world by skillful rebel propagandists are almost always of wounded children being cared for by the "" White Helmet"" rebel civil defense corps , which has come under growing criticism for serving as a public-relations arm of Al Qaeda and other insurgents. (There also are allegations that some of the most notable images have been staged , like a fake war scene from the 1997 dark comedy, ""Wag the Dog."") - Advertisement - 
Rare Glimpse of Truth 
Yet, occasionally, the reality of Al Qaeda's importance in the rebellion breaks through, even in the mainstream U.S. media, although usually downplayed and deep inside the news pages, such as the A9 article in Saturday's New York Times by Hwaida Saad and Anne Barnard describing a rebel offensive in Aleppo. It acknowledges: 
""The new offensive was a strong sign that rebel groups vetted by the United States were continuing their tactical alliances with groups linked to Al Qaeda, rather than distancing themselves as Russia has demanded and the Americans have urged. ... The rebels argue that they cannot afford to shun any potential allies while they are under fire, including well-armed and motivated jihadists, without more robust aid from their international backers."" (You might note how the article subtly blames the rebel dependence on Al Qaeda on the lack of ""robust aid"" from the Obama administration and other outside countries -- even though such arms shipments violate international law.) 
What the article also makes clear in a hazy kind of way is that Al Qaeda's affiliate, the recently renamed Nusra Front, and its jihadist allies, such as Ahrar al-Sham, are waging the brunt of the fighting while the CIA-vetted ""moderates"" are serving in mostly support roles. The Times reported: 
""The insurgents have a diverse range of objectives and backers, but they issued statements of unity on Friday. Those taking part in the offensive include the Levant Conquest Front, a militant group formerly known as the Nusra Front that grew out of Al Qaeda; another hard-line Islamist faction, Ahrar al-Sham; and other rebel factions fighting Mr. Assad that have been vetted by the United States and its allies."" - Advertisement - 
The article cites Charles Lister, a senior fellow and Syria specialist at the Middle East Institute in Washington, and other analysts noting that ""the vast majority of the American-vetted rebel factions in Aleppo were fighting inside the city itself and conducting significant bombardments against Syrian government troops in support of the Qaeda-affiliated fighters carrying out the brunt of front-line fighting."" 
Lister noted that 11 of the 20 or so rebel groups conducting the Aleppo ""offensive have been vetted by the C.I.A. and have received arms from the agency, including anti-tank missiles. ... 
""In addition to arms provided by the United States, much of the rebels' weaponry comes from regional states, like Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia,"" Mr. Lister said, ""including truck-borne multiple-rocket launcher systems and Czech-made Grad rockets with extended ranges."" 
The U.S./Al Qaeda Alliance",1
19903,Trump’s Economic Program Set For Rough Reality,Dan Wright,"Last night, Donald Trump soundly won the presidential election and defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Clinton was a problematic candidate from the beginning, and only secured the nomination because she was backed by arrogant party elites. 
Trump’s victory was due in no small part to his gains in the so-called rust belt , where he pulled out victories in Ohio, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania (Michigan remains too close to call currently). Trump promised to bring back manufacturing jobs to the region by renegotiating trade deals such as NAFTA. He also called for placing tariffs on foreign goods to discourage unfair competition, such as when foreign countries manipulate their currency. Usually, Trump singles out China for currency manipulation.
It is no surprise that people living in depressed areas, where manufacturing jobs were shipped overseas, found Trump’s promise appealing and abandoned the Democratic Party’s Wall Street-backed candidate.
But what about the rest of Trump’s economic program? According to the Trump campaign’s website , Trump will create 25 million new jobs by increasing GDP to 4% each year through the new trade agenda, rolling back federal regulations, repealing Obamacare, and tax reform.
4% would be a massive increase in GDP, which currently hovers around 2% . In a speech before the New York Economic Club, Trump admitted few economists agree that he can reach a 4% annual GDP growth rate, though he labeled that as “cynicism.” 
Trump has also made late additions to his tax reform plan, which currently includes a new deduction for child care expenses, an initiative spearheaded by Trump’s daughter, Ivanka. Also part of the current plan is a 20% tax cut for corporations, from 35% to 15%. Trump correctly notes that corporations rarely actually pay the 35% rate anyway.
The rest of the tax code gets a makeover. Trump plans to take the current seven tax brackets down to three, with the top income tax being 33% and the top capital gains rate being 20%. Lower income Americans will arguably pay more as the lowest income rate will go from 10 to 12% and the overall burden on the wealthy will be reduced by the corporate and income tax cuts.
But more to the point, there is little evidence to support the supply-side contention that lower taxes increase economic growth. For Trump to hit his 4% GDP number, he will have to rely on deregulation, repealing Obamacare, and gains from America First trade policies to drive the largest economy in the world into historically high growth.
The post Trump’s Economic Program Set For Rough Reality appeared first on Shadowproof .",1
19904,"Ryan on GOP Losing House Majority in 2018: ‘Blah, Blah, Blah,’ ’White Noise of Washington’ - Breitbart",Pam Key,"Friday on Hugh Hewitt’s radio show, when asked about a potential Democratic wave taking control of the House of Representatives in the 2018 midterm elections, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) “Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah is what I say about that stuff. Look, this is what I call the white noise of   media. ”  Partial transcript as follows: HEWITT: Now because of President Trump’s troubles, the mainstream media is out there blocking and tackling for ranking Minority Leader Pelosi suggesting a wave election is coming your way, that your majority is at risk. What do you make of that? RYAN: Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah is what I say about that stuff. Look, this is what I call the white noise of   media. We’re busy doing our work. We’re busy, I mean, just this week, we moved law enforcement legislation with police week to give them the tools they need to keep us safe. We put new sanctions on Syria. We improved Will Hurd’s federal information technology reform legislation, which will streamline government. Ways and Means did hearings on tax reform. The Education Workforce Committee put a bill out to close the skills gap so that people can get technical education. Mack Thornberry is working on his 3rd installment of streamlining Pentagon bureaucracy and procurement reforms. Veterans Affairs approved 11 bills. I mean, I can keep going if you want me to, and the 14th Congressional Review Act was signed into law this week. Nobody did anything in the press about those things. This Congressional Review Act, where you rescind recent regulations, in this case, from the Obama legislation, this tool was used once in history rescinding regulations. We’ve done it 14 times in four months just this year alone. So that’s what we’re working on. (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
19905,,drrichard,"I know this will lead to more posts about his Clinton is awful, untrustworthy, etc., and I agree with many of those sentiments. But she was one senator out of 100 and there is also a House, so despite Trump (and in the last paragraph the author's) statements she could not pass any laws by herself. If fact, in one debate she also mentioned the term ""veto"", which he ignored. There is a word for a politician who thinks one person makes the rules. It is dictator.",1
19906,"Trump’s View of Syria: How It Evolved, in 19 Tweets - The New York Times",Nicholas Fandos,"WASHINGTON  —   Donald J. Trump had a blunt warning for his predecessor. “We should stay the hell out of Syria,” he wrote on Twitter in June 2013, after President Barack Obama directed American forces to increase support to Syrian rebels in the wake of a deadly chemical weapons attack by that country’s government. Nearly four years later, now president himself and grappling with how to respond to another chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government, Mr. Trump ignored his own warnings and did what Mr. Obama threatened but never carried out: order a missile strike targeting assets of President Bashar  . To understand the magnitude of Mr. Trump’s reversal and the history of his public stances on one of the world’s bloodiest civil wars, one need look no further than the president’s Twitter account. Mr. Trump posted dozens of tweets about the conflict in the years before he declared his candidacy for the White House, and frequently did so during the campaign as well. Channeling the same bluntness that helped fuel his political rise, he carved out a staunchly noninterventionist stance on the conflict and criticized as plodding Mr. Obama’s approach. But he also made one thing clear: If he was in charge, any action would be swift and secretive to catch Mr. Assad off guard. We have sifted through Mr. Trump’s account for the highlights: It was several months after it began before the growing conflict in Syria appears to have attracted Mr. Trump’s attention, and, even then, it was only a blip. Mr. Trump, at the time best known as a reality television personality, first weighed in on Syria in October 2011 to criticize the United Nations for its inaction after China and Russia had successfully blocked sanctions against the Assad government. Nearly a year later, in the summer of 2012, Mr. Trump wrote again, this time aiming his criticism squarely at Mr. Obama for letting Russia begin to gain a foothold in the country  —   a mistake he said Mr. Obama’s Republican challenger at the time, Mitt Romney, would not have made. Late the next summer, as evidence began to emerge of a deadly chemical weapons attack on   suburbs of Damascus, the country’s capital, the Obama administration began to debate military retaliation. And Mr. Trump unleashed a torrent of criticism. In dozens of tweets, he warned Mr. Obama to “stay out” of Syria and focus on problems at home. Intervention, he said, would only risk hurting civilians and empowering   terrorists. Despite his opposition to intervention, Mr. Trump repeatedly urged Mr. Obama to seek congressional approval to carry out punitive strikes against the Assad regime, warning that Mr. Obama would be making a “big mistake” if he failed to do so. At the same time he was tweeting his thoughts on how Washington should handle the crisis, Mr. Trump maintained the effort had already been sabotaged by too much “talk. ” Mr. Trump said he would have done things differently had he been in charge. It was an argument he would later repeat as a candidate, and as president. The debate over intervention centered in large part around a statement  Mr. Obama made in 2012. The use of chemical weapons by Mr. Assad, he said, would cross a “red line” that would change the president’s calculus and have “enormous consequences” for the Syrian government. As he would do frequently during his campaign for president two years later, Mr. Trump used Twitter to repeatedly ridicule Mr. Obama’s line as “very dumb. ” Facing stiff opposition in Congress, Mr. Obama unexpectedly said he would hold off on military action to instead pursue an international agreement to destroy Syria’s stockpile of chemical weapons. Mr. Trump dismissed the proposal as a “red line 2,” and said it strengthened Mr. Assad. As the conflict receded from the public spotlight, Mr. Trump turned to other subjects. Aside from a couple of stray mentions of the country in connection with the allied campaign against the Islamic State, Mr. Trump did not take it up again until late 2015  —   after he had become a Republican candidate for president. He again warned about getting involved with Syria, and also cast suspicion upon refugees, whose flight out of the   nation had prompted an international crisis. Mr. Trump reiterated many of his older positions in the   to last fall’s election. This time, he focused on tying American policy  —   which he termed a disaster created by Mr. Obama  —   to Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state and his Democratic opponent.",0
19907,Watch: Pentagon Released Explosion Footage for ’Mother of All Bombs’ Dropped on Afghanistan - Breitbart,Breitbart TV,"New video of massive bomb hitting ISIS https:  .  CNN aired footage Friday of the    or “Massive Ordnance Air Blast,” dropped Thursday on the Islamic State in Afghanistan.  The bomb, also known as the “Mother of All Bombs,” reportedly killed 36 ISIS militants while targeting the terror group’s complex network of tunnels and caves.   is the U. S.’s largest   bomb ever used in combat. Thursday marks the first time it has ever been used outside of testing. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
19908,"Democrats’ Divisions Linger, but Parties Have Seen Far Worse - The New York Times",Adam Nagourney,"PHILADELPHIA  —   Follow along with our coverage of the Democratic National Convention. For all the noise, demonstrations, walkouts and silent protests, the divisions on display here as Democrats nominated Hillary Clinton for president do not appear to present a major threat to her candidacy, paling in contrast to intramural battles that have doomed nominees in the past and that threaten Donald J. Trump today. Even as Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, has sought to take advantage of the acrimony by appealing directly to the supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has methodically used the first three days of this convention to win over those supporters. Almost on the hour, the lights in the convention hall have dimmed to present “Trump in His Own Words,” a series of short video clips that show Mr. Trump offering contentious views on, for example, women and pregnancy in the workplace, advertisements clearly aimed at Sanders backers at the gathering. “I don’t think it’s going to be a permanent division,” said Gov. Jerry Brown of California, a Democrat who lost his own bitter primary campaign for president against Bill Clinton in 1992 and whose state delegation has been a hotbed of Sanders support. “The stakes are high. The issues are very sharp. There will be a real convergence around the core ideas of the campaign. ” Despite a modest walkout after the roll call and a march on the convention hall by Sanders supporters as Mr. Clinton spoke on Tuesday, the convention has offered each night a broad   of the party leadership that has allied behind Mrs. Clinton: speeches of support from President Obama, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Howard Dean, whose 2004 candidacy for president recalls the one Mr. Sanders ran. “The Sanders people walked out last night  —   there were less than 100 of them!” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Senate minority leader, said. Mr. Sanders was given a   speech to make the case to his supporters that it was time to rally behind Mrs. Clinton. At the behest of the Clinton campaign, he moved to nominate her by acclamation to make it appear unanimous, just as she had done for Barack Obama in 2008. Even before the convention began, polls showed that a substantial majority of Mr. Sanders’s backers said they would vote for Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump, and if history is any guide, those numbers will only grow as Election Day approaches. Todd Gitlin, a historian, said both parties have over the years faced divisions that were deeper and that festered through Election Day, including when Hubert Humphrey emerged from a Democratic primary contest with Eugene McCarthy and Robert F. Kennedy to lose to Richard M. Nixon in 1968, as well as when Barry Goldwater, after a divided Republican convention four years earlier, lost to Lyndon B. Johnson. The current Republican Party may also fall into that category, given how many powerful Republicans have refused to back Mr. Trump. “In 1968, the cleavage in the party was far deeper than it is now,” Mr. Gitlin said. “The hatred in the streets between the Humphrey supporters and the supporters of Kennedy and McCarthy was so intense. People like me didn’t vote. I don’t think we are looking at anything like that today. ” Which is not to say that this is going to be an easy walk down the aisle. In interviews, Democrats said they worried less about Sanders supporters voting for Mr. Trump than about them not turning out at all, or casting votes for, say, the Libertarian Party or Green Party candidates. “I think there will be some loss of votes to   candidates,” Stanley Greenberg, a Democratic pollster, said. Former President George Bush has long blamed his   defeat in 1992 on the   candidacy of Ross Perot. Ralph Nader, who ran for president in 2000 on a   line, cost Al Gore, a Democrat, the election against Mr. Bush’s son, in the view of many party members. Mr. Sanders’s support for Mrs. Clinton crystallized only recently. Well into the summer, he was still making a vigorous case against her  —   on issues like trade and what he described as her sympathies to Wall Street  —   drawing loud cheers and hardening opposition to Mrs. Clinton at his rallies. “Long after it was clear he was not going to be a nominee, he was attacking her as an instrument of Wall Street,” Mr. Greenberg said. The reconciliation was no doubt complicated even more this week when Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia, a longtime adviser to the Clintons, strongly suggested to an interviewer that Mrs. Clinton would change her position again on the   Partnership Treaty and try to put it in effect once she was in the White House. Mr. Sanders has made opposition to the treaty, a pact with the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim nations, a central part of his campaign, forcing Mrs. Clinton, who once supported the treaty, to publicly disavow it. In this context, even a plea from Mr. Sanders to his supporters to embrace Mrs. Clinton may not be enough, at least for some of them. “She really needs to do actual concrete things to show that she recognizes what a dire situation our country and world is in,” said Lisa Flythe, a Sanders delegate from Brooklyn who works as a   representative. “She needs to take concrete actions to enact a progressive agenda from workers’ rights to eliminating T. P. P. ” At one point on Wednesday night, Sanders supporters, wearing green shirts and scattered across the hall, broke into loud chants of “No more war,” drowning out Leon E. Panetta, who was the director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the defense secretary under Mr. Obama, as he praised Mrs. Clinton’s foreign policy credentials. Still, some of Mr. Sanders’s supporters said that given the choice, they were ready to support her. “I think it’s appropriate to tell the Bernie supporters to support Hillary because of the alternative,” said Taz Tally, a Democratic delegate from Homer, Alaska, “and in my view, if you choose not to vote, it’s basically a vote for Mr. Trump, which is scary. ” Governor Brown, who endorsed Mrs. Clinton in the final days of the Democratic primary in California, said he did not think people who voted for Mr. Sanders would support Mr. Trump. “Trump is too antithetical to anything that Sanders people talk about,” he said. “There’s a similarity on trade, but immigration, the N. R. A. Trump is a real outlier. And while he picked up the nomination of the Republican Party, he’s not close to the mainstream that would make crossover likely from Democrats to Republicans. ” In the end, the party divisions appear to be, as they have been through much of the campaign, as generational as they are ideological. “There will continue to be a hard left, some of whom are naïve,” Mr. Gitlin, the historian, said, referring to Sanders backers. “They are young. This is their first crusade. They feel betrayed. They were true believers: They believed that Bernie was the man and Bernie was transformative. They were in this for victory. The feeling of betrayal is very real. ”",0
19909,Behind China’s Anbang: Empty Offices and Obscure Names - The New York Times,Michael Forsythe,"In the center of Beijing’s booming commercial district, with soaring office towers, gleaming shopping malls and luxury apartment complexes, sits a shabby,   building with an office that houses stupendous wealth. To get there, visitors must first pass through an unmarked entrance next to a   post office, then pass through a maze of carelessly strung phone and power lines. On the fourth floor, down a hallway where black scuff marks on the walls indicate years of neglect, is the Hujialou Concentrated Office Zone, an officially sanctioned domicile for shell companies. According to government records, that office is home to two companies with a total stake that accounts for more than $15 billion in assets of one of China’s biggest financial conglomerates: the Anbang Insurance Group. Prying visitors are not welcome. A woman at the office, who did not give her name, grew angry when a journalist told her that two companies there controlled a large share of Anbang. “We’re just a private company, helping others register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce,” she said, referring to the keepers of China’s corporate database. “It is none of our business whether they are shell companies. ” Another Anbang shareholding firm  —   one that controls $5. 6 billion in assets  —   lists its address a few blocks away from the Hujialou building, at an office tower’s empty 27th floor. Near the Temple of Heaven, the former imperial religious complex in Beijing, the listed address of yet another shareholding company turns out to be another empty office. The directory downstairs lists the former tenant: a shoe seller. A group of 39 companies control Anbang, which was once a sleepy insurance company and now has $295 billion in assets and a reputation as an ambitious global deal maker. Many of those companies are in turn owned by a welter of shell companies, many with similar names and addresses or common owners. Ultimately, as The New York Times reports, they are controlled by about 100 people, many of whom hail from a county called Pingyang on China’s east coast. Pingyang County is the home county of Anbang’s chairman, Wu Xiaohui. In any major country, the shareholders of marquee companies are often household names themselves. General Electric counts major institutional investors such as the Vanguard Group and BlackRock as top owners. Berkshire Hathaway’s biggest shareholder is its chairman, Warren E. Buffett. China is no exception. Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties, for example, led by China’s richest man, Wang Jianlin, may match Anbang in the breadth of its political connections, but many of its biggest shareholders are easily recognizable Chinese companies like China Life Insurance. Anbang is different. The companies that own it, and the people who back them, are almost all obscure. Two   companies that collectively own less than 2 percent of Anbang are the only exceptions. I first started writing about Chinese companies 16 years ago and have never seen a similar ownership structure at a major company. That is remarkable, given Anbang’s increasing size and prominence. Earlier this year, Anbang came close to executing what would have been the biggest takeover ever of an American company by a Chinese company, offering more than $14 billion for Starwood Hotels  Resorts. In China, the company not only sells auto and life insurance, but also controls a major bank in southwestern China, is the largest shareholder of one of the country’s biggest financial conglomerates, China Minsheng Banking Corporation, and is the   shareholder in another, China Merchants Bank. But China is not an offshore haven like the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands. The country’s online corporate records system allows those with patience to find the names behind the holding companies, even if  —   as with Anbang  —   the corporate shareholders frequently change names, addresses and owners. After more than three months of combing through thousands of pages of records, The Times was able to piece together a corporate history for those 39 shareholders. One clear pattern emerged. At least 35 of the companies, collectively owning more than 92 percent of Anbang, can trace all or part of their ownership to relatives of Mr. Wu or to his wife, Zhuo Ran, who is the granddaughter of the former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping or to Chen Xiaolu, the son of one of China’s most famous marshals, who helped Mao’s Communists to victory in 1949. Those relatives are either current or former owners or directors of those companies, or current or former owners of predecessor firms. One example is Lin Cong, who owns a small share of the company. Mr. Lin is Mr. Wu’s cousin, the nephew of his mother, Lin Xiangmei, relatives say. Back at the Hujialou Concentrated Office Zone, one of the Anbang shareholders there, a company called Beijing Bibo Investment Management Company, controls $10. 9 billion in Anbang assets. Until Dec. 1, 2014, that stake was ultimately owned by a woman named Wu Xiaoxia, corporate records show. Relatives in Pingyang County say she is very close to Mr. Wu. She is his sister.",0
19910,"Iceland’s Prime Minister Resigns, After Pirate Party Makes Strong Gains - The New York Times",Kimiko de Freytas-Tamura,"REYKJAVIK, Iceland  —   Iceland’s prime minister announced on Sunday that he would resign, as the insurgent,   Pirate Party capitalized on a wave of anger over corruption to come in second place in the country’s general election. The prime minister, Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson, announced his departure on national television after his   Progressive Party’s share of seats in the   Parliament collapsed to eight from 19 in the previous election, in 2013. Mr. Johannsson’s predecessor as prime minister, Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, was forced from office in April amid accusations of conflicts of interest after revelations in leaked documents, known as the Panama Papers, of the hidden wealth of the country’s elite. The conservative Independence Party, which has been in a governing coalition with the Progressives, came in first with 21 seats, up from 19 in the last election. But the big winner in the election on Saturday was the    Pirate Party, which took 10 seats, more than tripling its showing of three seats in the last general election. The   Party also won 10 seats. The   parties  —   the   the Pirates and two allies  —   won 27 seats over all, just short of a majority. The liberal Regeneration Party, which is expected to play the role of kingmaker, has ruled out joining a coalition with the current governing establishment parties. This means that   parties could potentially form a governing coalition. While the conservative Independence Party made gains, “it is not a return to the status quo,” said Andres Jonsson, a political consultant. To form a government, the party will have to extend its hand to smaller, more rebellious groups, he said. “The traditional party system has been disrupted,” Mr. Jonsson said. “We are not seeing big movements of people who feel that they are able to relate with the messages of the big coalition parties. Changes are going to come from the outside, not from inside the old parties. ” The election for Iceland’s Parliament, the world’s oldest, highlighted the fragmentation of the political landscape. A dozen parties fought for power over an electorate of about 260, 000, barely enough to fill three American football stadiums. Birgitta Jonsdottir, the anarchist leader of the Pirate Party, said she was satisfied with the result. “Whatever happens, we have created a wave of change in the Icelandic society,” she told a cheering crowd here early Sunday. About 40 percent of Pirate supporters are under the age of 30. They had pinned their hopes on a party that has promised to install a more inclusive and transparent government. The Pirates have pledged to enhance direct democracy by passing the world’s first “  constitution,” drafted by Icelandic civilians rather than politicians. Parliament blocked the document in 2013. The party also wants to redistribute wealth and increase the government’s anticorruption powers. (The country is already the 13th least corrupt country in the world, according to Transparency International, a watchdog group, ahead of the United States.) “We want to see   ethics rather than     economics,” Ms. Jonsdottir, 49, who is also a former WikiLeaks activist, said in an interview on the eve of the election. Strong   feeling has swept through Iceland since the financial crisis, and has been aggravated by the Panama Papers scandal in April, which sent thousands of protesters into the streets. The Pirate Party has benefited from a wave of dissent that has swept through Europe and the United States, upending traditional politics and fracturing mainstream parties. In 2008, Iceland’s economy collapsed after its banking sector, fresh from deregulation, grew exponentially. In the years before that, Icelanders binged on credit, some becoming billionaires overnight. By 2006, the average Icelander was 300 percent wealthier than three years earlier. Cronyism became rampant. When the crisis hit, Icelanders were plunged into debt and banks racked up losses of billions of dollars, many times more than the size of Iceland’s economy. Today, the economy has recovered, partly thanks to booming tourism. But public anger still runs deep. “We are a platform for young people, for progressive people who shape and reshape our society,” Ms. Jonsdottir told Agence  . “Like Robin Hood, because Robin Hood was a pirate, we want to take the power from the powerful to give it to the people. ”",0
19911,Comment on Evidence that Hillary Clinton and her associates are satanists by traildustfotm,traildustfotm,"  Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
I’ve been blogging every day, every week, every month for more than 7 years now. 
Blogging for FOTM requires that I’m really “plugged in,” ear-to-the-ground on news and goings on, including conspiracy theories. 
After more than 7 years of being “plugged in,” I’ve come to the conclusion that the conspiracy theories that I, who began as an innocent, had initially thought to be outlandish turn out to be credible. That’s my honest, sober observation — from a person who is a full professor, has a Ph.D., was well-trained in and had taught epistemology and the scientific method to undergraduate and graduate students. I go to where the empirical evidence leads me. 
One of the most far-out conspiracy theories is that a shadowy group of élites controls governments. In the United States, those élites variously are called shadow government, secret government or deep state. (See “ Deep State: Who really rules America ”) 
An even more far-out version of that conspiracy theory is that the shadowy élites are satanists. 
This post is about Hillary Clinton and her close associates being satanists. Really. Exhibit A Larry Nichols in 2009 
I originally reported the following more than a year ago in “ Clinton friend and assassin Larry Nichols says Hillary Clinton is a satanist “. 
Larry Nichols is a former Green Beret and a longtime associate of Bill Clinton. The two men first met in Arkansas in the late 1970s when Bill was an up-and-coming politician. When Bill was elected governor of Arkansas, he inserted Nichols as the marketing director of the Arkansas Development Finance Authority , an Arkansas state agency that was one of the entities investigated by the Senate Whitewater Committee . 
On the Pete Santilli radio show on September 24, 2013, Nichols admitted that he had killed people as the Clintons’ hit man or assassin-for-hire. (See “ Bombshell: Long-time Clinton associate says he killed people for Bill & Hillary “) 
On June 24, 2015, interviewed by Alex Jones for InfoWars , Nichols dropped another bombshell. He said, beginning at the 28:44 mark in the audio above: 
“Back when Hillary was first lady, she would go home on the weekends to California with Linda Bloodworth-Thomason * and some of the other ladies of ‘Designing Women’. And they went to a church for witches. Witches, witches, witches . . . . You know that lady that was tryin’ to run for the Senate and sometimes she’d gone to some place where they did witch stuff? Hillary went to a church and worshiped Satan . . . . What . . . I think is scaring the hell out of you: there are people that love them [Clintons], no matter what.” 
* Note: Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, together with her husband Harry, was the producer of Designing Women , a popular TV sitcom (1986-1993). Exhibit B 
I first reported the following in a post about two months ago, “ Hillary aide talks about animal sacrifice to demon Moloch in WikiLeaks email “. 
In early August 2016, WikiLeaks released a (hacked) email from W. Lewis Amselem to Cheryl Mills, Hillary’s chief of staff. At the time of the email, Amselem served in the State Department under then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as head of the U.S. delegation to the Organization of American States (OAS). (He has since retired.) In the email, Amselem made mention of “sacrificing a chicken in the backyard to Moloch” — an ancient demon. 
Below is a screenshot I took of the WikiLeaks email (you can see the email for yourself here ). I painted a red bracket around the animal sacrifice phrase. 
In the Old Testament , Gehenna was a valley by Jerusalem, where apostate Israelites and followers of various pagan gods sacrificed their children by fire (2 Chr. 28:3, 33:6; Jer. 7:31, 19:2–6). One of those gods was Moloch (aka Molech, Molekh, Molok, Molek, Molock, Moloc, Melech, Milcom or Molcom), an ancient Ammonite god who demanded a particular kind of propitiatory child sacrifice from parents. ( Amselem is a Sephardic Jewish surname.) Exhibit C 
The latest evidence of satanism on the part of a Hillary Clinton associate is an email recently released by WikiLeaks . 
The email was sent from Tony Podesta, a powerful Democrat lobbyist, to his brother John Podesta , a longtime Clinton associate who is the chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. Tony had forwarded an invitation to attend a satanic ritual called “spirit cooking dinner” from Marina Abramovic, 69, a Serbian “performance artist” who now lives in New York. Abramovic’s email says: 
“Dear Tony, 
I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? “ 
Tony appended to Abramovic’s invitation this message to John Podesta: 
“Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner. ” Here’s a screenshot of the email (you can view it on WikiLeaks here ): Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars explains that “spirit cooking” is a “sacrament” in Thelema — a religion founded by British occultist-satanist Aleister Crowley, whose motto was “Do As Thou Wilt”— in which menstrual blood, breast milk, urine and sperm are mixed to create a “painting.” According to Abramovic, if the ritual is performed in an art gallery, it is merely art, but if the ritual is performed privately, then “spirit cooking” is a “spiritual ceremony”—“to symbolize the union between the microcosm, Man, and the macrocosm, the Divine” and “a representation of one of the prime maxims in Hermeticism ‘As Above, So Below’.” Mike Cernovich cuts (no pun intended) to the quick: Spirit cooking is an “occult practice used during sex cult rituals , as explained in the book Spirit cooking with essential aphrodisiac recipes .” So who is Marina Abramovic? Let’s begin with this disturbing image of Abramovic posing with a bloody goat’s head — a representation of Baphomet: Here’s a video of Abramovic on “spirit cooking painting”: Cassandra Fairbanks of WeAreChange.org has more information on Marina Abramovic: She is known for gory “performance art” in the name of “confronting pain and ritual.” One of Abramovic’s performances involved repeatedly stabbing herself in her hands. Another featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming pentagram, then jumping inside the pentagram and fainting. Exhibit D 
Many FBI agents involved in the now re-opened criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, who we would expect to know more about her than we do, regard Hillary Clinton as the antiChrist. 
Spencer Ackerman reports for The Guardian , Nov. 4, 2016: 
“Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey’s July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton’s maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
‘The FBI is Trumpland,’ said one current agent. […] 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is ‘the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel ,’ and that ‘the reason why they’re leaking is they’re pro-Trump.’” 
H/t FOTM ‘s Anon and Will Shanley 
See also:",1
19912,Trump Vs. Sanctuary Cities: Congress Ready to Help,Bob Price,"Cities across the country are lining up for a standoff with President Donald Trump over the issue of sanctuary city policies. Republican representatives in Congress are also lining up to put more teeth in existing law that already requires 100 percent cooperation with immigration authorities by local and state law enforcement agencies. [Border Patrol agents are reported to be on pace to apprehend nearly 600, 000 migrants crossing our border illegally. A recent report released this week by U. S. Customs and Border Protection revealed the number of apprehensions of what the Border Patrol calls Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) during the month of December rose for the sixth month in a row  —   up 109 percent in the first three months of this year compared to last.  “They’re mobilizing because they don’t know what tomorrow will bring, but know today they can cross,” Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera told Fox News while acting in his capacity in the National Border Patrol Council. One of the big draws for some of these families who risk their lives to come here from Central America, is the knowledge that if they get here, they will likely not be sent home, Fox News’ William La Jeunesse reported. In sanctuary cities, even if they commit a crime, officials will ignore federal immigration detainers that would remove them from the country, and simply set them free. One of these mayors, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti went even further  —   creating the L. A. Justice Fund to provide millions of dollars in legal assistance to immigrants facing deportation. “The reason it was important for us to act is we will have a change in government next month,” he told La Jeunesse. “We expect there could be actions right away. ” He is likely to be correct. “These mayors, sheriffs, and state leaders are thumbing their noses at federal immigration law,” Representative Lou Barletta ( ) told Breitbart Texas on Thursday. “The only way to stop them is to hit them in their pocketbooks. ” He introduced a bill earlier this month to do exactly that. Barletta said his bill, the Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act, H. R. 83 (attached below) strengthens the current law, 8 U. S. C. § 1373, being used to strip law enforcement grants from sanctuary jurisdictions. “My bill will enhance this by stripping all federal funds —  not one cent. ” Representative John Culberson ( ) worked with the DOJ throughout 2016 to force the department to certify the   sanctuary jurisdictions and use this existing law to cut off their funds for grants awarded in 2017. But this law only effects law enforcement grants. “The president can cut off their money at noon on January 20, 2017 if they do not change their sanctuary policy and hand over criminal illegal aliens in their custody to be deported,” Culberson told Fox News. Barletta’s bill, the Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act, H. R. 83, awaits a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee chaired by Rep. Bob Goodlate ( ) before it can move to the House floor for a vote. Barletta concluded. “To me, there’s no gray area here —  Right is right, wrong is wrong, and illegal is illegal. ” More cities have been rushing to get on the sanctuary city bandwagon since President Trump was elected in November. Many appear to feel emboldened by the actions of other cities that were not met with repercussions. “When I originally introduced this bill in my first session, there were 80 cities that were considered sanctuary cities,” the   congressman said. “Now that number has grown to more than 300 because we didn’t do anything about it when there were only 80. We’re putting the American people in danger. ” Other bills have also been introduced to attack sanctuary and force them into compliance with existing immigration law. Representative Andy Harris ( ) introduced the Federal Immigration Law Compliance Act of 2016 (FILCA) in December with   “from California to New York, to Florida, the representative’s website states, Breitbart Texas reported earlier in January. The bill would require any entity, including institutions of higher learning, to comply with all lawful requests made by U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) requests. The bill requires the withholding of all federal funding to any entity that refuses to comply with federal immigration enforcement requests. “Congress has the responsibility to protect the rule of law in our country and provide for the safety of our citizens. We need to focus on protecting American citizens and those who are in this country legally, instead of providing shelter for those who have violated our immigration law and entered this country illegally. If any entity refuses to comply with federal immigration law, they should be denied federal money until they come into compliance,” Congressman Harris said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. Representative Duncan Hunter ( ) also introduced a bill to deal with the growing sanctuary campuses promising to shut out immigration officials. The No Funding for Sanctuary Campuses Act was introduced in late December to define “sanctuary campus” and create financial penalties for any “institutions of higher education that violates immigration laws. ” The bill, H. R. 6530, was   by Representatives Tom McClintock ( ) and Lou Barletta ( ). “If a school wants federal money, an open declaration that it’s a sanctuary should disqualify it for federal support,” Hunter told the Washington Examiner in an interview. “It’s free to do that, of course, but there should be a consequence in the form of withheld federal funding  —   it’s that simple. ” Hunter’s and Harris’ bills were introduced in the closing days of the last session of Congress. It is likely they will be reintroduced in this session. Border security was a major campaign plank of the new President’s campaign. During his inaugural address on Friday, President Trump said, “We will bring back our borders. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.  ",0
19913,Democratic Bayonne Mayor Faces Sexting Scandal - Breitbart,Charlie Nash,"Jimmy Davis, the   Democratic Mayor of Bayonne, New Jersey, has been embroiled in a sexting scandal with a former city worker. [According to The Jersey Journal, the messages sent from Davis include “pleas from the mayor to have the woman meet him at an Atlantic City hotel and multiple references to oral sex. ”  “I didn’t tarnish Jimmy’s reputation. He did that himself,” said former city worker Stacie Percella, who was fired in December. “Mr. Mayor, again, resign from your position because my truth never changes. And I can say it inside out, backwards, forwards, every which way  —   how many lies did Jimmy come up with so far?” Davis, who is married, has recruited public relations firm Vision Media Marketing to oversee his public response to the incident. Vision Media Marketing’s Amit Jani claims that the scandal is “part of an orchestrated campaign to make millions of dollars off of Bayonne taxpayers and destroy Mayor Davis’ reputation. ” “Before her recent turn to this kind of unstable conduct, Mrs. Percella and Mayor Davis were longtime friends since childhood, and these text messages reflect that relationship,” continued Jani in a statement. “They are nothing but harmless, playful banter between two adults. ” Despite Vision Media Marketing’s claims that the messages were “playful banter between two adults,” Davis allegedly made “multiple references to Percella’s body parts,” and asked her “to meet him at a bar late at night. ” The Jersey Journal refused to print the exact contents of the messages “because they are too explicit for a family newspaper. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
19914,"Der Einfluss der USA und der NATO auf das Verhältnis der EU mit China, von Manlio Dinucci",Manlio Dinucci,"Der Einfluss der USA und der NATO auf das Verhältnis der EU mit China von Manlio Dinucci Als Teilnehmer an einem internationalen Forum fasst der italienische Geograph Manlio Dinucci seine Analyse über die Waffen zusammen, die die Vereinigten Staaten aufgebaut haben, um die ganze Welt zu beherrschen. Dieser Artikel ist wichtig, weil es genau diese eindeutige gewollte Vorherrschaft, diese unipolare Organisation der Welt ist, die Syrien, Russland und China heute mit Waffen in der Hand in Frage stellt.
Voltaire Netzwerk | Rom (Italien) | 29. Oktober English Ich gehe direkt zum Kern der Sache. Ich denke, dass man nicht von den Beziehungen zwischen der EU und China sprechen kann, ohne den direkten und über die NATO ausgeübten Einfluss der Vereinigten Staaten auf die Europäische Union miteinzubeziehen.
Heute gehören 22 der 28 Länder der EU (21 von 27 nach dem Ausstieg des Vereinigten Königreichs aus der EU), mit mehr als 90 % der Bevölkerung der Union, der NATO an, die durch die EU als ""Fundament der kollektiven Verteidigung"" anerkannt wird. Und die NATO steht unter US-Kommando: Der alliierte Oberbefehlshaber in Europa wird immer durch den Präsidenten der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika ernannt und alle anderen wichtigen Befehle sind auch in den Händen der USA. Die Außen- und Militärpolitik der Europäischen Union ist also grundsätzlich der US-Strategie untergeordnet, auf die die europäischen Großmächte konvergieren.
Diese in offiziellen Dokumenten klargelegte Strategie, wird im historischen Moment geschrieben, als sich die Weltlage nach dem Zerfall der UdSSR ändert. Im Jahr 1991 erklärt das Weiße Haus in National Security Strategy of the United States : ""Die Vereinigten Staaten bleiben der einzige wirkliche globale Staat mit einer Kraft, einem Umfang und einem Einfluss in allen Dimensionen – auf politischer, wirtschaftlicher und militärischer Ebene -."" Es gibt keinen Ersatz für die amerikanische Führung."" Im Jahr 1992 unterstreicht das Pentagon in der Defense Planning Guidance : ""Unser erstes Ziel soll verhindern, dass irgendeine Macht eine Region dominiert, deren Ressourcen ausreichen könnten, um eine Weltmacht zu werden."" Diese Regionen sind Westeuropa, Ostasien, das Gebiet der ehemaligen Sowjetunion und das südwestliche Asien."" Im Jahr 2001, in dem Q uadrennial Defense Review -Bericht, der eine Woche vor dem USA/NATO Krieg in Afghanistan - von erster geostrategischer Bedeutung in Bezug auf Russland und China - veröffentlicht wurde, kündigt das Pentagon an: ""Es besteht die Möglichkeit, dass in der Region eine militärische Konkurrenz mit gewaltigen Ressourcen entsteht. Unsere Streitkräfte müssen die Fähigkeit behalten, jedem möglichen Gegner, auch Staaten und nichtstaatlichen Einheiten, den Willen der Vereinigten Staaten aufzuzwingen, das Regime eines gegnerischen Staates zu ändern oder fremdes Territorium zu besetzen, bis die amerikanischen strategischen Ziele erfüllt sind.""
Auf Grundlage dieser Strategie hat die NATO unter US-Kommando ihre Offensive an der Ostfront gestartet: nachdem sie durch den Krieg die Föderation Jugoslawien zerstört hatte, bemächtigte sie sich von 1999 bis heute aller Staaten des Warschauer Paktes, dreier des ehemaligen Jugoslawiens, dreier der Ex-UdSSR, und wird in Kürze andere umfassen (von Georgien bis zur Ukraine, wobei letztere de facto bereits in der NATO ist), indem sie Stützpunkte und Streitkräfte, selbst atomare, immer näher zu Russland in Stellung bringt. Zur gleichen Zeit, an der Süd Front, eng verbunden mit der östlichen Front, hat die NATO unter US-Befehl den libyschen Staat durch Krieg zerstört und versucht, das gleiche mit Syrien zu tun.
Die USA und die NATO haben die ukrainische Krise entfesselt und, unter der Beschuldigung von Russland ""die europäische Sicherheit zu destabilisieren"", haben sie Europa in einen neuen Kalten Krieg verwickelt, einen vor allem von Washington gewünschten (auf Kosten der europäischen Volkswirtschaften, denen die Sanktionen und Gegen-Sanktionen geschädigt haben), um die wirtschaftlichen und politischen Beziehungen zwischen der EU und Russland zu zerschlagen, die für die amerikanischen Interessen schädlich sind. Es ist die gleiche Strategie, die bei der wachsenden Verlegung von US-militärischen Kräften in die Asien-Pazifik Region, in einer anti-chinesischen Funktion, auftritt. Die US-Navy hat angekündigt, dass sie in 2020 ihren Schwerpunkt in diesen Bereich mit 60 % ihrer See- und Luftstreitkräfte verlegen werde.
Die US-Strategie konzentriert sich auf das Südchinesische Meer, für das Admiral Harris, Chef des US Pacific Command, die Bedeutung hervorhebt: „es ist da, wo der Seehandel mit einem jährlichen Wert über 5000 Milliarden US-Dollar fährt, mit 25 % des Welt-Exports von Öl und 50 % von Erdgas.“ Die USA wollen diesen Seeweg kontrollieren, im Namen jener Freiheit, die Admiral Harris für die ""grundlegende Schifffahrts-Freiheit für unser Lebens-System hier in den Vereinigten Staaten"" hält, indem sie China beschuldigen, ""aggressive Aktionen im Südchinesischen Meer zu betreiben, ähnlich denen von Russland auf der Krim."" Deshalb ""patrouilliert"" die US-Navy im Südchinesischen Meer. Im Kielwasser der Vereinigten Staaten kommen die europäischen Großmächte: im Juli letzten Jahres hat Frankreich die Europäische Union gebeten, ""die chinesische Südsee Marine-Patrouille zu koordinieren, um eine regelmäßige und sichtbare Präsenz in diesen von China illegal beanspruchten Gewässern"" zu sichern. Und während die Vereinigten Staaten in Südkorea ""Raketenabwehr-Systeme“ aber auch nukleare Raketen installieren, ähnlich wie die in Rumänien und Polen gegen Russland installierten, zusätzlich zu denen, die auf Kriegsschiffen im Mittelmeer kreuzen, empfängt der Generalsekretär der NATO Jens Stoltenberg am 6. Oktober in Brüssel den südkoreanischen Minister für auswärtige Angelegenheiten Yun Byung-se, zur ""Stärkung der Partnerschaft der NATO mit Seoul“.
Diese Tatsachen und andere zeigen, dass die gleiche Strategie in Europa und in Asien an der Arbeit ist. Dies ist der extreme Versuch der Vereinigten Staaten und anderer westlicher Mächte, um die wirtschaftliche, politische und militärische Vormachtstellung in einer Welt im starken Wandel beizubehalten, in der neue staatliche und gesellschaftliche Einheiten aufkommen. Die Shanghaier Organisation für Zusammenarbeit (SCO), aus dem chinesisch-russischen strategischen Abkommen entstanden, verfügt über Ressourcen und Arbeitsfähigkeit die ermöglichen, den größten integrierten Wirtschaftsraum der Welt zu schaffen. Die SCO und die BRICS-Staaten sind mit ihren Finanzinstitutionen in der Lage, die Weltbank und den Internationalen Währungsfonds weitgehend zu verdrängen, die den USA und den großen westlichen Mächte seit mehr als 70 Jahren ermöglichten, durch wuchernde Kredite an verschuldete Länder und andere Finanzinstrumente, die Weltwirtschaft zu beherrschen. Die neuen Organisationen können zur gleichen Zeit die Entdollarisierung des Handels erreichen, indem sie den Vereinigten Staaten die Möglichkeit entziehen, ihre Schulden weiterhin durch Drucken von Dollar-Papiergeld, das als internationale Währung fungiert, auf andere Länder abzuwälzen.
Um ihre immer mehr wankende Vormachtstellung zu erhalten, verwenden die Vereinigten Staaten nicht nur Waffengewalt, sondern oft wirksamere als die wirklichen Waffen.
 Die erste Waffe: die so genannten ""Free Trade Agreements"", wie die ""transatlantische Handels- und Partnerschaft"" (TTIP) mit der EU und die ""Trans-Pazifische Partnerschaft"" (TPP), deren Zweck nicht nur wirtschaftlich, sondern geopolitisch und geostrategisch ist. Deshalb bezeichnet Hillary Clinton die USA — EU Partnerschaft als ""das große strategische Ziel unserer transatlantischen Allianz"", mit dem Ziel einer ""NATO-Wirtschaft"", die die politische und militärische Allianz integriert. Das Projekt ist klar: einen politischen, wirtschaftlichen und militärischen USA — EU Block bilden, immer unter amerikanischem Kommando, der sich dem aufkommenden eurasischen Raum, basierend auf der Zusammenarbeit zwischen China und Russland widersetzt; der sich den BRIC-Staaten widersetzt, dem Iran und anderen Ländern, die sich der Vorherrschaft des Westens entziehen. Da die Verhandlungen über die TTIP wegen der unterschiedlichen Interessen und einer weit verbreiteten Opposition in Europa schwer weiterkommen, wird das Hindernis mit dem ""umfassenden Wirtschafts- und Handelsabkommen "" (CETA) zwischen Kanada und der EU umgangen: eine getarnte TTIP, da Kanada mit den Vereinigten Staaten Teil der NAFTA ist. Das CETA wird wahrscheinlich, während des Besuchs vom kanadischen Premierminister Trudeau in Brüssel von der EU am 27. Oktober unterzeichnet werden.
 Die zweite Waffe: das Eindringen in das angezielte Land, um es von innen auseinander zu nehmen. Unter Berufung auf die schwachen Punkte, das jedes Land besitzt: Korruption, Geldgier, politischer Karrierismus, durch lokale Gruppen geschürter Sezessionismus, religiöser Fanatismus, die Anfälligkeit der großen Massen zu politischer Demagogie. Sich auch manchmal auf eine Unzufriedenheit der Massen stützen, die durch die Führung ihrer Regierung gerechtfertigt ist. Instrumente der Penetration: die so genannten ""nicht-Regierungsorganisationen"" (NGO) die eigentlich die Hand des Department of State und der CIA sind. Diejenigen, die enorme finanzielle Mittel besitzen, organisierten die ""farbigen Revolutionen"" in Osteuropa, und versuchten auch die so genannte ""Regenschirm-Revolution"" in Hong Kong: sie versuchten auch ähnliche Bewegungen in anderen Bereichen von China zu schüren, die von nationalen Minderheiten bewohnt sind. Die gleichen Organisationen, die in Lateinamerika operieren, mit dem Ziel, die demokratischen Institutionen von Brasilien auszuheben, um die BRICS-Staaten von innen zu unterwandern. Instrumente der gleichen Strategie: Terroristen, wie die bewaffneten und in Libyen und Syrien infiltrierten Gruppen, um Chaos zu säen, indem sie zum Abriss des gesamten Staates, der gleichzeitig von außen angegriffen wird, beitragen.
 Die dritte Waffe: die ""Psyops"" (psychologische Operationen), initiiert durch globale Medien-Ketten, die vom Pentagon definiert werden: ""geplante Operationen, um durch spezifische Informationen die Emotionen und Motivationen zu beeinflussen, und damit das Verhalten der Öffentlichkeit, der Organisationen und ausländischen Regierungen, um eine verstärkte Haltung zugunsten der vorangestellten Ziele zu induzieren "". Mit diesen Operationen, die die Öffentlichkeit auf die Eskalation des Krieges vorbereiten, lässt man Russland als das für die Spannungen in Europa verantwortliche Land erscheinen und China als verantwortlich für die Spannungen in Asien, mit dem gleichzeitigen Vorwurf ihrer ""Verletzung der Menschenrechte“.
Manlio Dinucci und seine Frau Carla, vor dem Geburtshaus von Mao Tsé Toung, 1965. Eine letzte Überlegung: da ich mit meiner Frau in den 60er Jahren in Peking gearbeitet habe, und wir beide an der Veröffentlichung des ersten chinesischen Magazins in italienischer Sprache mitgewirkt haben, habe ich eine prägende, grundlegende Erfahrung miterlebt zu einem Zeitpunkt, als China - kaum fünfzehn Jahre vom Kolonialsystem und halb-feudalen Staat befreit, - komplett isoliert war und von dem Westen oder den Vereinten Nationen als souveräner Staat nicht anerkannt war. Von dieser Periode bleiben mir immer noch, wie aufgedruckt, die Widerstandskraft und das Bewusstsein der Menschen, damals 600 Millionen, die unter der Führung der kommunistischen Partei zum Aufbau einer völlig neuen wirtschaftlichen und kulturellen Gesellschaft beitrugen. Ich denke, dass diese Fähigkeit auch für das derzeitige China heute notwendig ist, das sein enorme Potenzial entwickelt, um den neuen Plänen der imperialen Herrschaft zu widerstehen: der Kampf für eine Welt ohne Kriege, in der der Frieden mit sozialer Gerechtigkeit verbunden triumphiert.
Manlio Dinucci Übersetzung
Horst Frohlich",1
19915,An American Stands on the Shoulders of a Gladiator - The New York Times,John Branch,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   About the same time that the future United States Olympic volleyball player Carli Lloyd was born 27 years ago, her uncle was discovered by a talent scout in a Southern California gym. Galen Tomlinson was invited to try out for a new show called “American Gladiators” for a chance to be one of the     superheroes, taking on mortal contestants in an imaginative series of physical contests. Tomlinson won a role. He was rechristened Turbo and became a cult hero. But the bravest role he played was far off camera: stepping in to help raise Lloyd and mold her into an Olympic athlete. It is debatable which one is more famous, today’s United States Olympian or yesterday’s American gladiator. But it is clear how much they mean to each other. “She understood his belief in her, and it made her believe in herself, and those two went off and conquered the world,” Cindy Lloyd, Carli’s mother and Tomlinson’s half sister, said. “It was awesome to sit back and watch. ” The United States women’s volleyball team is trying to win a gold medal at the Olympics for the first time. Carli Lloyd, often confused with the American soccer star with the same name, is a backup setter. Tomlinson, still as fit as a gladiator at 55, with tiny streaks of gray in his   dark hair, is a big presence in the stands. “I attribute me being here to him more than anyone else,” Lloyd said. They are practically inseparable. He was her first coach and her constant workout partner. When she moved on to other coaches and left for college, he was still there at every match, sitting in his usual spot, giving nods and signals in a language that only the two of them share. Lloyd calls him “Uncle. ” But Tomlinson is the only father figure she has ever known. Lloyd was 4 when her father committed suicide, leaving Cindy Lloyd to raise three children on her own. Tomlinson, by then a   father and a star on “American Gladiators,” had time on his hands. The show taped for three weeks a year, and his only job the rest of the time was to stay fit. Tomlinson and his daughter, then 10, moved in with Cindy Lloyd and her three children in Bonsall, Calif. north of San Diego. The move was considered temporary, to help Cindy get her life reorganized. Tomlinson never left. “After a couple of months, it dawned on me, and I said after the kids went to bed, ‘Cindy, I want to talk to you,’” Tomlinson said. “I said: ‘Everyone’s getting really comfortable with this. I think it would be wise for us to either leave now, before they lose another male role model, or we’ve got to make a commitment that our extracurricular activities get put on hold until the youngest’  —   Carli  —   ‘graduates high school. ’” Tomlinson and Cindy Lloyd, who had the same father but different mothers, still live together more than 20 years later. “I can’t get rid of him,” Lloyd said with a laugh. “Why would I leave?” Tomlinson asked. “Now the kids are all gone, she’s got the biggest one left at home. ” When Tomlinson’s daughter, Kourtney, was in fifth grade, she wanted to play volleyball. Lloyd’s oldest daughter, Coral, about a year younger, followed. Tomlinson soon decided he could do a better job than their coaches. He taught himself the intricacies of the game and studied respected coaches at tournaments. When Carli started playing the game a few years later, Tomlinson was an experienced coach. “Unfortunately for the older ones, they were the test subjects,” Tomlinson said. “By the time Carli came around, she was able to hit the ground running. ” Tomlinson also oversaw her workouts. From the beginning, he trained her in track and field, his first love among sports. Lloyd became a standout hurdler and long jumper in high school. “Through high school and into college, you could tell just by looking at her that there was a maturity in her muscles that other kids just did not have,” Tomlinson said. “It’s because she’s been lifting with me since she was 8 years old. ” There were no summers off. Eventually, Lloyd’s only request to her uncle was to do the workouts early and quickly so she could move on with her day. Hurt me as much as you want, she would tell him, but do not make me stay out there long. Tomlinson appreciated her willingness. “I said, ‘If you don’t want to put your head on the pillow when you’re 30 years old and wonder what if, then this is the stuff that has to be done now,’” he said. “And she bought into it. ” It was not always harmonious. The relationship between a child and a parent who also coaches can be fraught with frustration, disappointment and resentment. “I wouldn’t say it was perfect,” Lloyd said. “We’re both pretty sensitive and stubborn. But it works. I love him, and he loves me, and it works because we want it to. ” The biggest disagreement came when Lloyd was 15. She made a nationally ranked   club team. Tomlinson became an assistant coach and asked the head coach if he thought Lloyd, now    had a better future as a setter or an attacker. The coach said she could be a great college hitter but an elite setter. That was enough for Tomlinson. He told Lloyd that she would immediately devote herself to becoming a   setter. It is a position not unlike point guard in basketball, or catcher in baseball  —   an   leader controlling the pace and distributing the ball to others. “For the first month, she was really unhappy with me,” Tomlinson said. “Everyone wants to hit the ball. That’s the fun stuff. It wasn’t until the first tournament, where she was running the team as a setter, a little sophomore with these seniors out there, that she realized it was a good thing. ” When Lloyd got to Fallbrook Union High, Tomlinson left club team coaching behind to go with her. His niece was his best player, on her way to an   career at the University of California, Berkeley, where Lloyd helped the Golden Bears to the best   stretch in their history. There were two trips to the national quarterfinals, one to the semifinals and another to the national final. Lloyd was named national player of the year as a senior. Tomlinson saw every match from the stands (preferably down the right line at the end, eye level with the top of the net) except one, when his daughter got married. Lloyd has spent winters playing professionally in Italy, and Tomlinson has gone with her, for at least a few weeks each time, to help her settle in. His presence has not always been welcomed by coaches, but it is by Lloyd. “Galen is so honest, brutally honest,” Cindy Lloyd said of her half brother. After a match, she said, she will offer unmitigated praise. Tomlinson will offer unvarnished opinions. “And she just really appreciates that,” Cindy Lloyd said. “Just the other night against the Netherlands, I heard her say, ‘Uncle, what did you think?’ To this day, she values what he’s saying. I’ve watched this relationship develop. And it’s worked. ” There have been strains. A combination of stress fractures in her shins and struggles fitting in with the United States national team, coached by the volleyball legend Karch Kiraly, sent Carli Lloyd into a spiral of depression. Lloyd, with Tomlinson’s encouragement, had grown up setting with quick movements of her fingers and wrists. The team wanted her to adopt a method with more arm extension  —   a change of form not unlike asking a pitcher to alter a throwing motion or a basketball player to adjust a shot. Lloyd struggled. Her standing on the national team dropped in a couple of years, until it looked as if her longstanding Olympic aspirations had evaporated. She was in a kind of funk that Tomlinson had never seen. “I remember telling her mom: ‘I’ve lost my little girl. She’s not the same,’” Tomlinson said. But Lloyd pulled through during the past year, developing the mental toughness to match the physical prowess that she had always had. By last winter in Italy, she seemed to Tomlinson to be her old self, dedicated to trying to make the Olympic roster. “I’m going to make their decision as hard as I can,” she said. In July, Kiraly named his   team. Three setters, instead of the usual two, made the squad. Lloyd was one of them. Kiraly said she represented a new breed of physical setter  —   fast enough to chase every ball, big enough to block and hit. Now the gym that Tomlinson hangs around is the Maracanãzinho, Rio de Janeiro’s famous volleyball arena. People  —     men, mostly  —   still ask if he used to be Turbo. But far more attention is on today’s Olympian, not yesterday’s gladiator. Still, Tomlinson cannot help but think that Lloyd would have fit right in on the old television show. “She’d have killed it,” he said with a   smile. “Killed it. ”",0
19916,"Dallas, Roger Federer, Hillary Clinton: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",Andrea Kannapell and Sandra Stevenson,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. “The suspect said he was upset at white people. The suspect stated he wanted to kill white people, especially white officers. ” That was the Dallas police chief describing a verbal exchange with a sniper who killed these five officers and wounded seven people at a protest against police shootings late Thursday. “We’re hurting, our profession is hurting,” the police chief said. “There are no words to describe the atrocity that occurred to our city. ” _____ 2. The shooter was identified as an Army veteran, Micah Xavier Johnson, 25. He served as a mason and carpenter in Afghanistan. On Facebook, he “liked” a black power group, the African American Defense League, whose leader often calls for violence against the police. After an hourslong standoff in Dallas, the police killed him using an explosive delivered by robot. _____ 3. President Obama, in Warsaw, interrupted his final NATO summit meeting twice to comment on the violence in the U. S. Before the Dallas attack, he addressed the police shootings in Minnesota and Louisiana, calling them “symptomatic of a broader set of racial disparities that exist in our criminal justice system. ” After the five officers were killed, he said there was “no possible justification” for such a “vicious, calculated and despicable attack on law enforcement. ” Here’s what we know about all three episodes, which have deepened the painful national divide over race. _____ 4. Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump canceled campaign appearances and expressed concern for black citizens as well as solidarity with the police. Mrs. Clinton stressed pain and loss, while Mr. Trump issued a call for “law and order. ” He also made his first public comments about the police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota, calling them “senseless tragic deaths” that show “how much needs to be done. ” But Texas’ lieutenant governor, Dan Patrick, called the Dallas protesters “hypocrites” for expecting police protection from the sniper while objecting to police shootings. _____ 5. The Labor Department delivered some positive economic news. Its monthly report said U. S. employment surged in June, with an increase of 287, 000 jobs and an uptick in wages. “Wow, this one takes my breath away,” an analyst in Chicago said. _____ 6. Roger Federer, above after a fall, lost his first Wimbledon   in a rough match that sent the Canadian Milos Raonic to his first Grand Slam final. He’ll face Andy Murray on Sunday for the men’s singles title (9 a. m. Eastern, ESPN). And Serena Williams faces Angelique Kerber, who beat her in January’s Australian Open final, on Saturday in the women’s singles final. (9 a. m. Eastern, ESPN). _____ 7. Britain’s slow march away from the European Union has produced at least one point of clarity: The next prime minister will be a woman. The Conservative Party has narrowed its options to succeed David Cameron down to Theresa May, above right, the home secretary (already called “The Iron Mayden” by tabs) and Andrea Leadsom, an energy minister, above left. But it will be months before the final choice is made. _____ 8.  In theaters this weekend: “Captain Fantastic. ” Our reviewer says that Viggo Mortensen’s captivating survivalist is the main reason to see the film, which follows him and his family into the the outside world. But she also says the insistence of the director, Matt Ross, “on taking your intelligence for granted is itself a great turn on. ” And here are our experts’ recommendations for streaming and TV this weekend. _____ 9. Finally, one of the fastest creatures in the ocean is the swordfish. Scientists think they have figured out why: A gland at the base of its sword secretes a   grease that coats its head. “This isn’t ordinary fish slime,” the lead author of a new study said. Have a good weekend. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19917,Bombshell: Fox News Reports FBI To Move To “Likely Indictment” Of Clinton,The Doc,"  Bombshell: Fox News Reports FBI To Move To “Likely Indictment” Of Clinton 
Fox News’ Bret Baier has a bombshell of a report: Two key sources within the agency say the FBI is moving towards “likely an indictment” for Hillary Clinton. 
Baier’s 7 HUGE Take-aways: “ One : The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations.” “ Two : The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was believed that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. ” “ Three : The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as ‘a lot of it’ and said there is an ‘avalanche coming in every day.’ WikiLeaks and the new emails. ” [ Four ] “They are ‘actively and aggressively pursuing this case.’ Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive.” [ Five ] “The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton’s server. [ Six ] “Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies , and that things had been taken from that…” [ Seven ] “There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning. They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015…” 
[The full, forty-minute segment can be viewed here .] 
BRET BAIER: Breaking news tonight — two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations into the Clinton emails and the Clinton Foundation tell Fox the following: 
The investigation looking into possible pay-for-play interaction between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Foundation has been going on for more than a year . Led by the white collar crime division, public corruption branch of the criminal investigative division of the FBI. 
The Clinton Foundation investigation is a, quote, “very high priority.” Agents have interviewed and reinterviewed multiple people about the Foundation case, and even before the WikiLeaks dumps, agents say they have collected a great deal of evidence. Pressed on that, one sources said, quote, “a lot of it,” and “there is an avalanche of new information coming every day.” 

WikiLeaks played a key role: 
Some of it from WikiLeaks, some of it from new emails. The agents are actively and aggressively pursuing this case. They will be going back to interview the same people again, some for the third time. 
As a result of the limited immunity deals to top aides, including Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, the Justice Department had tentatively agreed that the FBI would destroy those laptops after a narrow review. We are told definitively that has not happened. Those devices are currently in the FBI field office here in Washington, D.C. and are being exploited. 
The source points out that any immunity deal is null and void if any subject lied at any point in the investigation. 
Meantime, the classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through former Democratic Congressman Anthony Wiener’s laptop and have found e-mails that they believe came from Hillary Clinton’s server that appear to be new , as in not duplicates. 
Whether they contain classified material or not is not yet known. It will likely be known soon. All of this just as we move inside one week until election day.",1
19918,"Cop accidentally discharges his weapon, sending a bullet into the wall of a daycare center",nan,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 15:25 UTC Authorities are only 'contemplating' criminal charges against an East Cleveland police officer today after he discharged his weapon sending a bullet hurling into a day care center. The staff and children at the KinderCare Learning center were likely terrified when a bullet came blasting through the fence and lodged into the wall of the school around 3:35 pm on Tuesday. Police have refused to release the name of the officer who negligently discharged his firearm. Authorities did, however, note that the officer was unloading his 9mm Glock inside his home, directly behind the daycare, when it 'accidentally' discharged. Up until that point, the staff and parents of the children at KinderCare probably thought that their children were safer being neighbors with a police officer. Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. ""Right now our law department has it and they are reviewing it to see if there should be any charges,"" Police Chief Jack Davis said Wednesday morning. ""It was a very unfortunate incident for the school, as well as him,"" he added. Outside of skating out of the misdemeanor charge so far, this officer also seems to be avoiding the felony offense of discharging a weapon in a gun-free school zone. Imagine for a moment that you were cleaning your pistol and all of the sudden, you accidentally squeeze off a round sending the deadly projectile through the wall of a daycare center, in a gun-free zone. There are two possible scenarios that would take place; the first one being that a SWAT team responds and you are killed. The second, less lethal result would be your inevitable arrest and charges of public endangerment, unlawful discharge, illegal use of a firearm, assault with a deadly weapon, terrorism, or a myriad of other charges associated with sending a deadly projectile hurling through walls and near the heads of innocent people. You would immediately be facing fines, jail time, probation, and firearms restrictions. However, if you are a government agent who's trusted with carrying a deadly weapon into places others cannot, you needn't worry about any of those repercussions as this case will likely prove. When the Akron Beacon Journal contacted the East Cleveland police department to inquire as to what would happen to this officer, they said their department was unaware of the incident. ""We're just grateful that nobody was hurt,"" KinderCare spokeswoman Colleen Moran told Ohio.com. So are we. As the gun controllers call for guns to be taken out of the hands of US citizens, what they really mean is they only want cops to have guns. This cop proves how silly, and dangerous, that demand actually is.",1
19919,Police and Protesters Clash in Minnesota Capital - The New York Times,Mitch Smith,"ST. PAUL  —   Police officers in riot gear clashed with protesters who blocked a major highway here for hours on Saturday night, marking a tense turn for the demonstrations that have continued almost nonstop since a black man, Philando Castile, was fatally shot by a suburban police officer during a traffic stop on Wednesday. The protesters marched from the Minnesota governor’s mansion onto Interstate 94, chanting refrains such as “We’re peaceful, y’all violent” as the police urged them to leave. Officers struggled for more than four hours to disperse the crowd, at times deploying smoke and marking rounds in a standoff that stretched into early Sunday before snowplows cleared debris and the highway was reopened to traffic. The police in St. Paul said at least five officers were injured by fireworks, rocks, bricks and glass bottles that they said were thrown by protesters. None of their injuries were believed to be serious. Officers said they made arrests, but did not provide information about the number of people in custody or the charges they might be facing. The Minnesota protest was among several sizable demonstrations across the country on Saturday expressing outrage at the deaths of Mr. Castile and of Alton Sterling, another black man, who  was killed by the police in Baton Rouge, La. DeRay Mckesson, a   activist with a large Twitter following, was among more than 30 people arrested on Saturday outside the Baton Rouge Police Headquarters. A live stream via Twitter’s Periscope service captured his arrest after a verbal confrontation with an officer who ordered him not to walk onto a street. Protesters also blocked traffic on Saturday in New York, the local NBC station reported, and The Chicago Tribune said that a series of demonstrations in that city turned tense at times and led to arrests. In Minnesota, the contentious highway shutdown marked a change in tack for the protesters who had occupied the area outside the governor’s mansion for days but had remained almost entirely peaceful. On Friday night, the protest group had been stationary for the most part, listening to music and taking turns at the microphone outside the governor’s residence discussing state laws and calling for changes to police tactics. Earlier on Saturday, a separate group of peaceful protesters had gathered at a park in downtown Minneapolis and prepared to walk through the streets. Nekima   president of the Minneapolis NAACP, said organizers scheduled that march because “people are experiencing trauma after trauma after trauma as a result of what happened. ” Ms.   said many   here had still been coming to terms with the fatal shooting of Jamar Clark by the Minneapolis police in 2015 and the decision not to charge the officers involved. Protesters also blocked traffic on a Minnesota highway after Mr. Clark’s death, and after the fatal shooting of Michael Brown by a Missouri police officer in 2014. As protests continue here, much remains unknown about Mr. Castile’s death. The Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, which is investigating, has not said why he was pulled over or what happened during the traffic stop. A Facebook Live video of the shooting’s aftermath prompted widespread attention and outrage, with Mr. Castile’s girlfriend suggesting that he had been reaching for his identification when shot by Officer Jeronimo Yanez of the St. Anthony Police. Thomas Kelly, a lawyer for Officer Yanez, said his client had been “reacting to the presence of a gun,” though Mr. Castile’s girlfriend said in the Facebook video that he was licensed to carry a weapon.",0
19920,"Rand Paul returns $620,000 to U.S. Treasury",-NO AUTHOR-,"Rand Paul returns $620,000 to U.S. Treasury 'I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government' Published: 15 mins ago 
(Global Dispatch) Following in the footsteps of his father, former Texas Congressman Ron Paul, U.S. Senator Rand Paul announced recently that he saved more than $620,000 from his official FY 2016 operating budget, bringing the total amount Dr. Paul has returned to the taxpayers to over $3,000,000 since taking office in January 2011. 
“It’s easy to picture Washington’s out-of-control spending as a massive, untamable beast,” said Dr. Paul. “So I determined to show change is possible by starting in the area under my control, while working everywhere else I could to stop ‘business as usual.’ 
“I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government, balanced budgets, and spending restraint. I’m proud my staff and I have kept that pledge while operating one of the most active federal offices.”",1
19921,The Shadow Brokers dump more intel from the NSA's elite Equation Group,nan,"The Shadow Brokers dump more intel from the NSA's elite Equation Group   
In August, anonymous hacker(s) dumped a cache of cyberweapons that appeared to originate with The Equation Group , an elite, NSA-affiliated hacking squad. 
The leakers called themselves The Shadow Brokers, and they sought bTc1,000,000 for access to the remainder of The Equation Group's files. Earlier this month, arrested NSA contractor Harold Thomas Martin was accused of being the source of the leak to The Shadow Brokers, though not necessarily deliberately (he may have been hacked by The Shadow Brokers). 
The Shadow Brokers have had no takers for their auction, and so they're now dumping more files, presumably to stir up interest. 
The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. If the leaks are to be believed, they show that the NSA uses hacked servers in China and Russia to attack other countries. 
The dump contains some 300 folders of files, all corresponding to different domains and IP addresses. Domains from Russia, China, India, Sweden, and many other countries are included. According to an analysis by the security researcher known as Hacker Fantastic, the dump contains 306 domains and 352 IP addresses relating to 49 countries in total. 
If accurate, victims of the Equation Group may be able to use these files to determine if they were potentially targeted by the NSA-linked unit. The IP addresses may relate to servers the NSA has compromised and then used to deliver exploits, according to security researcher Mustafa Al-Bassam. 
“So even the NSA hacks machines from compromised servers in China and Russia. This is why attribution is hard,” Al-Bassam tweeted on Monday.",1
19922,Mexico Ranked Second Deadliest Country in the World,Ryan Saavedra,"As the total number of conflict fatalities decreased around the world in 2016, the number of intentional homicides exploded in Mexico. [With 23, 000 homicides in 2016, Mexico ranked as the second deadliest country in the world, the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) revealed in their Armed Conflict Survey.  The report, published on Tuesday, highlighted the effect that drug cartels are having in Latin America. Leading the way are Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador: This assessment of violence in the region is based on more than numbers, although the 39, 000 people killed in Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador in 2016 indicate a security crisis much more complex and serious than most other countries in the region. Mexico’s 2016 intentional homicide total, 23, 000, is second only to Syria.   …     In all four countries, armed forces have been deployed for many years specifically to fight criminal gangs and, in the case of Mexico, transnational   cartels, with   weapons and vast financial resources. In all four countries, criminal groups have ambitious territorial claims: they fight amongst themselves and use arms to challenge the state directly for local control. Unlike traditional political conflicts, these criminal conflicts are fought to establish autonomous territories, not to pursue national   goals. 2016 marked the second consecutive year that the number of conflict fatalities decreased around the world, CNN noted. Despite the decrease of 10, 000 conflict fatalities from 2015 to 2016, Mexico’s homicide rate is accelerating: As the Armed Conflict Survey shows, intentional homicides jumped by 22. 8% from 2015 to 2016. Violence continues to increase. The first two months of 2017 were the most violent January and February on record, with 3, 779 homicide cases registered by the authorities. The following month was even worse: March 2017 saw 2, 020 murders. This was the highest monthly tally since June 2011, a bloody moment in the midst of Mexico’s ‘war on drugs’. In December 2006, President Felipe Calderon deployed the armed forces to the streets with the mission of crushing the cartels. But the resulting conflict brought misery to Mexico: 105, 000 people lost their lives in intentional homicides between that month and November 2012. Compounding the drug war is the corruption within the Mexican government. The organization that has the largest influence is the Sinaloa Cartel, which the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) identifies as the largest and most prolific in the world. Court documents filed by the DOJ against Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, state that corrupting government officials was the cornerstone of the cartel’s success, Breitbart Texas reported. In the 2016 National Drug Threat Assessment, the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) reported, “Mexican TCOs [Drug Cartels] remain the greatest criminal drug threat to the United States no other group is currently positioned to challenge them. ” Despite the risk that Mexican drug cartels pose to the national security of U. S. many Democratic politicians, and even some Republican politicians are opposed to building walls along the U. S.  Border. In April, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said, “The president, I think, talking about this wall, is expressing a sign of weakness. He is saying I can’t control our borders, I have to build a wall. ” Not to be outdone by Pelosi, Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) said the proposed U. S.  Border wall was “a political stunt. ” Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
19923,Thomas Frank Explores Whether Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party Will Address Inequality,nan,"Thomas Frank Explores Whether Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party Will Address Inequality   
By KiMi Robinson 

Thomas Frank’s writing about electoral politics and and its impact on American culture has been published for decades in places like Harper’s Magazine, The Wall Street Journal and his 2004 novel, “What’s the Matter with Kansas?” In his latest book, “Listen Liberal: Whatever Happened to the Party of the People?” the journalist and political analyst tackles the question of what changed within the Democratic party to make it become a “ liberalism of the rich .” 
“The Democratic Party itself has changed,” Frank told Truthdig Editor in Chief Robert Scheer during an episode of “ Scheer Intelligence ” this year. “What’s changed about them is the social class that they answer to, that they respect, that they come from.” 
The trend has gotten worse. 
  
“Democrats look at Wall Street, and they see people like themselves,” he said in an interview with Scheer during the Democratic National Convention in July. 
On Tuesday night, Frank will join Scheer at the University of Southern California to discuss “Listen Liberal” and his analysis of Hillary Clinton during this election cycle, from her public views on inequality in United States to her promises to tamp down greed on Wall Street. The conversation will be live streamed on our Facebook page at around 7 p.m. PDT. 
In March, Frank summarized his complex investigation of the Democratic Party and the answers he found: 
And you know, we call it inequality; it is the one great problem that we have. And so my, the question in the book is […] the Democrats have been talking about inequality forever. This is why they exist as a party, is to take this on. Why haven’t they been able to do anything about it? And the answer isn’t what you think. You know, it’s not just because Republicans are so diabolically clever and stop them all the time. And it’s also not just because of the money that is sloshing around in politics, although that’s […] a huge part of the story. But the answer is because the Democrats aren’t who we think they are. You know, they talk about inequality, but their heart really isn’t in it. Income inequality is really not something that they have cared about for a very long time. You know, there are individuals here and there who do, but you talk about people like the Clintons—I mean, Hillary Clinton, her concern for inequality is, this is, I would say is almost completely feigned. 
Frank also joined Scheer earlier this week to promote “Listen Liberal.” Watch a portion of the discussion below: 
</p><p>",1
19924,Gallery Hopes to Sell Kanye West’s ‘Famous’ Sculpture for $4 Million - The New York Times,Adam Popescu,"LOS ANGELES  —   Four million dollars. That’s what a Los Angeles gallery is hoping to get for Kanye West’s “Famous” sculpture, a   silicone homage to 12 of the biggest names in pop culture. Four million for George W. Bush curled in the fetal position, a     Donald J. Trump, coquettish Amber Rose and Rihanna, a cherubic Anna Wintour and Pollyannaish Taylor Swift  —   a rogues’ gallery including Bill Cosby, Chris Brown and Ray J, and arguably three of the most famous   in modern times: Caitlyn, Kim, and Kanye. So lifelike, they even breathe, chests rising and falling as if deep in REM sleep. Seven figures for all that  —   plus the bedspread and the batteries to animate the doppelgängers  —   a number that was floated among attendees at Blum  Poe, the gallery that hosted the private exhibition last weekend. A source close to Mr. West claimed “Famous” would go on tour. Others vacillated between skepticism and quiet acquiescence at the estimate. But the gallery’s   Tim Blum, called it “a good ballpark. ” “I did the math in my head, and it took $500, 000 to a million just to make it,” said Aaron Axelrod, a Los Angeles artist who last month startled audiences by   mapping Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House. “ This caught me off guard. It’s one of the coolest pieces I’ve ever seen, which is kind of annoying because it’s Kanye West. ” Solipsism aside, the biggest wow, Mr. Axelrod says, is breathing life into the sculptures, since “this was made for the music video, no one would have been able to tell [how] those sculptures were moving. Which means he’s going above and beyond. ” On Saturday, upon early arrival at the exhibition, technicians were still setting up a    straight out of the   classic “ . ” They toyed with audio, and plugged in   batteries to make the creations come alive. And when they did, the automatons were eerily real. Slumbering as if in a   suspended animation. Yet the most interesting part of the story is the one that didn’t make the final cut. “I think Monday of last week, I got a call from Scooter Braun,” said Mr. Blum of Blum  Poe, referring to the man who discovered Justin Bieber and who is now part of Mr. West’s management team. “Kanye suddenly felt the urge to show the work,” Mr. Blum continued. “Long story short, we made it happen. We pushed some things around and five days later, we had a show. Monday hey, Friday open. ” But why open a day before Mr. West’s “Saint Pablo” tour, two days before the V. M. A. s? It seemed sheer whim, Mr. Blum indicated. Mr. West wanted an art world unveiling, a piece that members of his creative collective, DONDA, said had taken four months of animation modeling,   scanning, stylist consulting, Instagram searches. The result was startlingly accurate. Each animatronic body was   down to the freckles and hair (human!) all applied by hand,    and none more ghoulish than Mr. Cosby’s freckles or Mr. Trump’s fleshy behind. Since Mr. West’s “Graduation” album cover was crafted by Takashi Murakami, a client of Blum  Poe, the gallery was a natural fit. When asked about the multimillion price point, Mr. Blum laughed. It is on sale  —   “for the right buyer,” he said. When you tally the materials needed, labor and Mr. West’s name, the $4 million price tag doesn’t seem so outlandish. “I would project a figure about that,” Mr. Blum said. “To be honest, we did it for the sake of doing it,” Mr. Blum continued. “The show and project were not done with price or sale in mind. But I would act upon it as every other piece of art I handle. ” The show lasted one weekend. Like the man himself, flighty and busy, Mr. West showed up for a few minutes via an onscreen avatar on Friday night. That’s it. “Kanye is Kanye,” said his trainer of three years, Joe Bouraima, a French national whom Mr. West had helped to secure a visa after a fortuitous 2013 meeting in Paris. Ever since, the hulking Mr. Bouraima has been on and off tour with the artist for months, training daily while working on “Famous. ” Not once did Mr. West mention the project. And then, just like that, the mercurial Mr. West decided to stage the   show in Los Angeles  —   and then it was gone. Poof. But to where? A member of Mr. West’s team said that the piece was “on its way to its next location. ” She wouldn’t share where, but Mr. Blum said he could picture “Famous” in a large museum. “I have friends who are directors of museums,” he said. “This is a thing you could see at Lacma [Los Angeles County Museum of Art] MOCA or the Hammer very easily. ” Representatives from the Hammer Museum said they had no such plans, but Mr. Blum mentioned that he and Mr. Braun were actively shopping the piece’s next home. The cliché rings true that all art is imitation, and “Famous” was heavily inspired by Vincent Desiderio’s “Sleep,” which was based on Jackson Pollock’s “Mural” painting. And though “Famous” wasn’t built by Mr. West’s own hand, the concept and direction were his own. Ask others who borrow liberally  —   such as Werner Herzog or Mr. Desiderio  —   all are steadfast that this work is art. Michelangelo, Quentin Tarantino and Chuck Close, have each had assistance to make their ideas come to life. Why should this be any different? “Art is really just an idea,” Mr. Axelrod said. “It’s follow through and direction. What makes a great artist nowadays is being able to put together a team. And he was willing to give up money to put his ideas to life. ” Maybe the greatest quality an artist can possess today isn’t skill or talent  —   it’s commitment to making a vision real. That means money and time. To create something to make the masses remember your name. What else is fame for?",0
19925,https://youtu.be/BFpFCy_b2SM,Staff,"July 24, 2016 Latest Radio Show",1
19926,ACLU Targets Jeff Sessions Won’t Defend Michael Flynn - Breitbart,Joel B. Pollak,"The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) wants the Senate to question Attorney General Jeff Sessions next week about “his own role with Russia, his role in the Comey firing, and the ongoing investigations into ties with Russia and his recusal,” according to a statement by the organization. [Sessions will appear on Tuesday before the Committee on Appropriations to testify about the Department of Justice budget.  The ACLU says that it is “asking its over 2 million supporters to contact their representatives and urge them to ask Sessions tough questions. ” Asked by Breitbart News what the relevance of the Russia investigation was for civil liberties in the United States, Christopher Anders, deputy director of the ACLU’s legislative office, said: “It’s very fundamental to civil liberties, in that it goes right to the heart of our democracy, in our ability to vote, and that our votes are counted and are meaningful. ” Russia’s hacking  —   or its attempt to hack  —   political parties and local voter databases “raises concerns about integrity of voting and integrity of our elections,” Anders said. Asked whether the ACLU had defended former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, whose telephone calls were under surveillance, and whose name was leaked illegally to the media, Anders acknowledged that the organization had not defended him specifically, adding: “We haven’t accused Michael Flynn of anything, either. ” The ACLU had, Anders pointed out, raised the general issue of surveillance, and was concerned about the   of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which is thought to be the provision under which Flynn’s communications were intercepted. “We have said there is a good reason to be concerned,” Anders told Breitbart News. “President Trump is raising a legitimate issue of concern about Americans’ communications being surveilled, and they shouldn’t be, absent a specific warrant. ” In recent months, the ACLU has adopted an aggressive stance against the Trump administration, one very close to the partisan positions of the Democratic Party. It has also organized “Resistance training” workshops for activists opposed to the Trump administration’s policies. Noted civil libertarian Alan Dershowitz wrote last month in the Wall Street Journal: The ACLU was once a nonpartisan organization focused on liberty and equality before the law. In recent years it has chosen its battles with an increasingly   sensibility. In doing so, it has become considerably more equivocal and sometimes even hostile toward core civil liberties concerns of free speech and due process. But Anders defended the group’s record, noting that it had supported Republicans like Sen. Rand Paul ( ) on civil liberties issues, and opposed certain policies of Democratic administrations in the past. He stressed the ACLU’s commitment to defending the Constitution. “That’s what we’re here to do, regardless of who’s in power. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19927,"A Republican Election Official Just Blocked Door, Demanded Early Voters “Shut Up, Go Home!’",James DeVinne,"Comments 
A Republican election commissioner and volunteer poll watcher has been accused of voter intimidation after he tried to drive away voters from an early-voting polling place in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. The man, Stu Soffer, is a prominent Trump supporter who serves on the election commission of the majority-black Jefferson County. He has been the subject of national scrutiny before, most notably when he brandished a gun at an Election Commission meeting this Spring and then followed it up with quid-pro-quo corruption over the summer. 
Now, Soffer is facing suit in the local circuit court after Jefferson County Clerk Patricia Johnson and unrelated Pine Bluff voter Victor Johnson accused him of “interfering with and intimidating voters” at the Jefferson County Courthouse on October 24. According to attorney Chris Burks, who is representing Mr. Johnson, Soffer “stood in the doorway of the early voting location and told voters to ‘shut up and go home.’” 
Johnson states in his filings that he was waiting in line at the polling place when Soffer entered with a TV reporting crew. When a county sheriff told Soffer that the TV crew was causing a disturbance and ordered one of its members to leave, Soffer apparently blocked the door to the voting booths and yelled at the assembled citizens to “shut up and go home.” The suit filed by Mr. Johnson states that, “as a result of the disruption caused by Stu Soffer and other Republicans I was not able to cast my ballot that day.” Dozens of other likely voters were apparently turned away in similar fashion. 
Soffer resigned his position as a poll watcher in the aftermath of the incident, but the suit filed on behalf of Mr. Johnson is seeking to have him removed from his position on the county election commission as well. Soffer refused to comment when contacted by local publication Arkansas Online and a hearing date is yet to be set for the case. 
This admittedly localized incident comes against a backdrop of a massive campaign of voter suppression targeting minority communities that is underway across the nation , usually justified by the chimera of voter fraud . Republican officials and commissioners, knowing that Trump’s bigoted rhetoric will cost them the election in any fair vote, are using every dirty trick in the book to suppress minority turnout in a campaign of intimidation that a federal judge in North Carolina rightly characterized as “insane” and “like something that was put together in 1901.”",1
19928,What Does ‘Dress Like a Woman’ Mean? Designers Tackle the Question - The New York Times,Vanessa Friedman,"What does it really mean to “dress like a woman”? Social media recently took it upon itself to answer that question, after a brief flurry of rumors about a possible White House dress code. At the Grammys, so did Beyoncé, who apparently decided it meant looking like the golden goddess of fecundity. Now designers are having their turn. It is, after all, a question that lies at the heart of fashion, and that they, at least theoretically, are supposed to be asking themselves every season. Of course, that doesn’t mean they always come up with viable answers. Indeed, during New York Fashion Week shows on Sunday, they sometimes seemed to get so entangled in the many possible responses that they tripped over their own hemlines. Or, in the case of Sander Lak at Sies Marjan, the many fluttery bits that dangled, flapped, ruffled and wobbled in his painterly procession of aubergine, peach, mint green and fluorescent pink. Even with some sporty snaps to ground them, his dresses (and sleeves and trousers) looked as if they’d taken a wrong turn on the way to a Martha Graham dance performance and ended up in the ballroom of the Sixth Avenue Hilton by mistake. Prabal Gurung, however, seemed to know exactly where he was going: toward “multiple ways to celebrate the exuberance of being a woman and to interpret her femininity as she sees fit,” according to the show notes. That’s kind of broad territory. Witness giant nubby, braided and tufted Nepalese knits in wool and cashmere with fox trim. Sleek camo intarsia mink furs in lemon, olive green and white, made for a Park Avenue warrior. Silver devoré shirting and flared trousers fit for a glam rock star. And sheer   evening gowns with    bra tops for  —   well, it wasn’t entirely clear for whom. Someone who does a lot of Soul Cycle, maybe. And a finale of   personalized for each model (including those of welcomely nontraditional runway size) and bearing such messages as “The Future is Female,” “My boyfriend is a feminist,” “I am an immigrant,” and so on. By the time Mr. Gurung appeared for his bow, wearing one of his own tees  —   “This is what a feminist looks like”  —   his celebrity front row (the most diverse yet for any designer, with Misty Copeland, Sarah Jessica Parker, Huma Abedin, Priyanka Chopra and Diane Kruger, among others) were on their feet in ecstasy. Yet with the myriad possibilities, it was also a bit of a muddle. It’s not enough to be inspired by all women, lovely as that sentiment is: Designers also have to know what they stands for  —   the specific thing they offer women  —   and to make aesthetic choices. While some of Mr. Gurung’s were great (those knits!) some were cloying (a     dress dripping with plissé at the sleeves and a host of covered buttons down the skirt) and some were just plain silly. Dressing like a woman does not mean putting the breasts front and center via an entirely sheer Lurex turtleneck, the    movement aside. Whether it instead means dressing in the   gray flannel cape of a renaissance prince, on the other hand, as Joseph Altuzarra seemed to think it does, is far from certain. In an   from last season’s flirtatious romp through the Côte d’Azur, for fall, Mr. Altuzarra took a decidedly more   and historicist turn in black velvet and ruby jacquard. Wool coats were finished in elaborate frogging and big pearl buttons, leather combat boots studded with pearls were laced up to   and they were echoed by corset lacing at the waists of     jersey dresses. Big fur pockets were belted atop little velvet dresses with white poplin collars. Aside from some   leather motorcycle pants worn with a houndstooth blazer, it tipped a bit too far into Shakespearean   territory  —   at least until a   evening skirt with a simple silk blouse, molded red velvet trouser suit and series of    embroidered gowns tore free of the heavy hand, and fabrics, of their more   antecedents. Perhaps the question itself is too weighty these days  —   which is why, at Diane von Furstenberg, Jonathan Saunders took a somewhat alternative approach and chose to reframe the issue in the mantra of the brand’s founder, “Feel like a woman, wear a dress!” “Optimism and color,” Mr. Saunders said of what he wanted to communicate with his collection of    shades, fur jackets (faux and real, in candy colors) scarf silks and skinny knits. Pattern clashed with print and paillettes  —   polka dot with florals and stripes with leopard spots  —   but the easy shapes kept it in line. There was nothing hard about these clothes, from fabric to form. Forget the existential issues for a moment, they said, and have a little fun. And for that moment, milling about the art gallery where the presentation took place, everyone did.",0
19929,98% of public now ‘really looking forward’ to Brexit arguments with relatives over Christmas dinner.,NewsBiscuit, ,1
19930,Michael Phelps Relishes the Cheer and Challenge of His New Reality - The New York Times,Karen Crouse,"Michael Phelps, headphones in, was listening to music on his smartphone to pump himself up for a race at the United States Olympic trials when he felt the phone vibrate in his hoodie pocket. Phelps has faced plenty of distractions in his 16 years as an Olympic swimmer, but nothing like this. Phelps’s    son, Boomer, was in the stands to take in his first Olympic trials, and Phelps’s fiancée, Nicole Johnson, was sending him photographs to commemorate the occasion. She had forgotten that Phelps’s phone held his prerace playlist, a mix of songs from Eminem, Young Jeezy and a more recent addition, Eric Church. With victories in the   butterfly, the   individual medley and the   butterfly at the trials in June and July, Phelps qualified for his fifth Olympics. His vibrating phone signified the cheer, but also the challenge, of juggling his old, proven routines and a new, unpredictable life. The five weeks after the trials in Omaha were a blur of training swims and video chats. Phelps had more on his mind than the two opportunities that he will have in Rio, in the 100 butterfly and the 200 I. M. to join the track and field Olympians Al Oerter and Carl Lewis as the only Americans to win an individual event four times. To chase the record of Oerter and Lewis, Phelps had to leave behind in Arizona his main sources of inspiration, his fiancée and their son. He had looked forward to seeing both during the designated family weekend at a training camp in San Antonio in July, but Johnson reluctantly canceled the trip after Boomer developed a fever and a nagging cough. “So now it’s like I’m always worried that he’s sleeping right, breathing right, getting enough food, getting better,” Phelps, 31, said the next day after a practice. “So it is challenging,” he added. “We just left FaceTime on yesterday, even if we weren’t saying anything. ” Johnson and Boomer made the trip to Atlanta, the site of a second training camp, a little over a week later. They were planning to rejoin Phelps in Rio de Janeiro, where they will serve as the most demonstrable proof of the transformation Phelps has undergone since his last turn as an Olympic star. “He’s just very grounded, and he’s living well,” Bob Bowman, Phelps’s longtime coach, said, adding, “The swimming is far from the only thing that he is doing. ” Phelps has won a record 23 Olympic medals, including 19 golds, through meticulous planning. In preparation for past Olympics, he counted his strokes in case his goggles filled with water and prohibited him from gauging the distance between walls, as they did in the   butterfly final at the Beijing Games in 2008. In September 2013, Bowman handed him a schedule for the 1, 068 days leading up to the Rio Games. In the aftermath of Phelps’s arrest in 2014 for driving under the influence, his second such arrest, and his subsequent   stint in a recovery center, he set out to apply the same detailed approach to his personal life. He   contact with his father, Fred, from whom he had been estranged for several years. In February 2015, Phelps became engaged to Johnson, whom he had dated off and on since 2007, and mapped out the future: After the Olympics, the couple would get married, embark on a long and luxurious honeymoon and then start a family. The plan went awry when Johnson became pregnant in the fall. “Michael was more excited than I was,” Johnson said. “He was over the moon about having a kid. ” Phelps’s rapprochement with his father, she said, freed him to embrace the next nonswimming chapter in his life. “It relieved him of this anger that he held on to for so many years,” Johnson said. “It could have affected the way he looked at himself as a father. ” Phelps credits his personal growth, evident in his teammates’ voting him a team captain for the first time in his Olympic career, to a different reconciliation  —   the one he initiated with Johnson four months before his D. U. I. arrest in Baltimore in September 2014. “We’ve been through a lot,” he said. “But I love her to death. We’ve been able to grow as a couple through everything we’ve been through, the positive changes I’ve made in my life. ” The two met at the ESPYs in 2007. Phelps was presenting an award with the racecar driver Danica Patrick, and Johnson was an athlete guide who harbored dreams of becoming a Formula One racing correspondent. As such, she was not thrilled to be assigned to usher Phelps around. “I really wanted to escort Travis Pastrana,” she said, referring to the motorsports and action sports star. To Johnson’s surprise, “Michael and I just completely hit it off,” she said. They both had divorced parents, and they made each other laugh. Within days, they were a couple. Johnson chose not to attend the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where Phelps won eight gold medals to surpass Mark Spitz’s record for a single Games, because she did not want to distract Phelps from his singular pursuit of history. “My friends all thought I was crazy for not going,” said Johnson, who was around for the madness that ensued as Phelps waded into the celebrity culture and was carried out to sea by fame’s riptide. Phelps’s mother, Debbie, recalled one moment of many that had illustrated how different her son’s life had become. She was on the phone with Phelps, who was with Johnson at an outdoor shopping mall in Newport Beach, Calif. when it became obvious that she no longer had his full attention. As she recalled, he said: “Mom, I have to call you back. Kobe just pulled up. ” He meant the N. B. A. star Kobe Bryant, who had rolled down the tinted window of his car to greet Phelps. Johnson, a graduate of the University of Southern California, had her own experience with the crosscurrents of a public life. She entered beauty contests, enticed by the scholarship money. In November 2009, she won the Miss California U. S. A. pageant, held in Palm Springs. During her 2010 reign as Miss California, she gained a better understanding of the competing interests that were tugging at Phelps. “It’s hard to put your heart into things when you feel you’re being pulled in so many different directions and people are taking advantage of you,” she said. The two drifted apart, got back together again in 2012 and then broke up, presumably for good, before the London Olympics. Phelps, who had been unable to commit either to Johnson or to swimming, overcame his haphazard preparation to win six medals, including four golds. Then he retired, accelerating the downward spiral that Johnson said had begun after the 2008 Games. “He lived in a bubble for a long time,” Johnson said, adding: “It’s hard to develop as a person when you need them to perform at such a high level. He had to grow up really, really fast. ” Phelps returned to swimming in 2013. The following year, he was in Rio de Janeiro for a swimming clinic when he turned to his agent, Peter Carlisle, and started to say, “If I ever get a chance to get Nicole back. ” Before he could continue, Carlisle corrected him, saying, “No, when you get her back. ” A week after that conversation, Phelps sent Johnson a text that laid bare his feelings for her. “And here we are in 2016 with a child and going to Rio,” Phelps said. It was a little more complicated than that. Johnson was seriously involved with someone when she received Phelps’s text. She wrote him back, saying she was dating someone and would not do anything to jeopardize the relationship. But a few weeks passed, and she could not get Phelps’s words out of her mind, which she took as a sign. Johnson broke up with her boyfriend and cautiously resumed contact with Phelps. To the delight of everyone in his inner circle, they got back together and have been a team since. “It’s been a really fun journey over the last couple of years,” Phelps said, “and a journey that I think has made me the person who I am and helped me transform to me just being me. ” Allison Schmitt, a   Olympian who lived with Phelps and Johnson for the past year so she could train with Bowman at Arizona State, said Phelps had met his match in Johnson, who can turn potential arguments into playful exchanges with parries like, “You can go put on your grouchy pants, Michael, because I know you had a really hard workout. ” After a workout at Arizona State in March, Phelps mentioned a round of golf that had been arranged for him at Whisper Rock, an exclusive   club. When Johnson had found out about his plans, he acknowledged, she had chided him for playing at a club that did not allow women. “She is perfect for him,” Bowman said. “She’s pretty confident in her own right. She didn’t need or want his money. She is her own person. ” It is not easy being a   figure’s other half, though. In April, shortly before Boomer’s birth, Phelps retrieved his phone from his pocket during an interview. He called up Johnson’s Instagram page and read a message a stranger had posted that began, “We want to see your abortion. ” It only got worse from there. “People send her those all the time,” Phelps said with a sigh. “She’ll look at it, delete it and go on with her day. ” Phelps described himself as thankful for Johnson and their sweet life together. He knows how close he came to not knowing such joy. There is a song by Eric Church, one of his favorite artists, about a man named Michael who has a boy who is “starting to look like me. ” The man is a recovering alcoholic pining for the family he lost because of his addiction. That song, Phelps said, is not on his playlist.",0
19931,"Giddy Russians Seek To Rename Street After Donald Trump To ""Make Our City Great Again"" - Russia News Now",nan,"This post was originally published on this site 
Residents in the small Russian town of Ryazan, apparently excited by the election of Donald Trump in the United States, have started a petition to have a street in their town renamed “Street of Donald Trump.” The petition was started on “ change.org ,” and, among other things, advocates for the name change because “recently elected U.S. President Donald Trump is a big friend of Russia and is a supporter of traditional values.” 
Per HeatStreet , the petition has already gathered enough support to be officially reviewed by authorities which means residents are well on their way to “making Ryazan great again.” 
The petition for a Trump Street has turned out to be quite popular. It’s gathered enough signatures to be officially reviewed by the authorities. 
“With a street named after Donald Trump we can make Ryazan great again,” said one of the supporters of the petition. 
“I’m signing because I was born in Ryazan and Trump is a great person and will change everything for the better,” said another. 
Here is a loosely translated version of the petition from Google translate: 
Despite the enthusiasm among many, some residents were slightly less supportive of the “Street of Donald Trump” idea and suggested that the town would end up “looking like idiots” if Trump imposed sanctions against Russia. 
Some commenters, however, expressed caution: “You should have waited to see Trump’s first moves. What if he will support the sanctions against Russia? You will look like idiots then.” 
Despite the petition’s popularity, a city official thinks it’s unlikely the street will actually be renamed. “According to Ryazan city regulations,” the official said, “the street can be named after a famous person, Russian or foreign, only five years after the death of this person”. 
Meanwhile, here in the U.S., a 15-year-old student at Richard Montgomery High School in Rockville, Maryland had to be rushed to the hospital after being beaten up by 4 other students for wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat. 
Hundreds of students from Richard Montgomery High School were carrying signs reading, “Love Trumps Hate,” and chanting near the Rockville courthouse on Maryland Avenue in a protest that began at about 10 a.m. when a 15-year-old boy wearing one of the Trump campaign’s “Make American Great Again” hats was attacked by about four students. 
The group surrounded the teen, punching him repeatedly, then threw him to the ground and kicked him repeatedly in the ribs. 
“They jumped him and beat him up pretty bad,” Max Stucky, a bystander who witnessed the attack, told WTOP. 
The teen, who wasn’t seriously hurt, was seen clutching the back of his head in pain. He was helped to his feet by medics and taken to a hospital in an ambulance. 
And still no word from Obama and Clinton on this senseless violence…we’re still waiting… Related ",1
19932,SAG Nominees Include Viggo Mortensen and Other Surprises - The New York Times,Cara Buckley,"The Screen Actors Guild entered the awards season fray with its nominations on Wednesday, which included a few surprises:  —   “Captain Fantastic,” the tale, led by Viggo Mortensen, about a bohemian family   in a woodsy Northwestern paradise, nabbed a spot in the best ensemble category, the SAG equivalent of best picture.  —   “Loving,” directed by Jeff Nichols and starring Ruth Negga and Joel Edgerton as a   couple who changed   laws, got no love.  —   Emily Blunt landed a nomination, for lead actress, for “The Girl on the Train. ”  —   “Silence,” the Martin Scorsese drama, was shut out. The guild nominations  —   still to come are those from producers and directors  —   are significant bellwethers in the awards season because they represent the industry’s favorite performances and films. SAG has 160, 000 members, about 1, 100 of whom are also in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences actors’ branch, the largest in the academy. Last year’s SAG winner for best ensemble, “Spotlight,” went on to land the Oscar for best picture. One of this year’s favorites, “La La Land,” isn’t led by an ensemble cast but by two main actors  —   ergo its exclusion from the Screen Actors best ensemble category. “Manchester by the Sea” landed four nominations, the most, followed by “Fences” and “Moonlight,” each with three. The SAG awards will be handed out on Jan. 29. Here’s the list of nominees: Movies Actor in a leading role Casey Affleck, “Manchester by the Sea” Andrew Garfield, “Hacksaw Ridge” Ryan Gosling, “La La Land” Viggo Mortensen, “Captain Fantastic” Denzel Washington, “Fences” Actress in a leading role Amy Adams, “Arrival” Emily Blunt, “The Girl on the Train” Natalie Portman, “Jackie” Emma Stone, “La La Land” Meryl Streep, “Florence Foster Jenkins”  Actor in a supporting role Mahershala Ali, “Moonlight” Jeff Bridges, “Hell or High Water” Hugh Grant, “Florence Foster Jenkins” Lucas Hedges, “Manchester by the Sea” Dev Patel, “Lion”  Actress in a supporting role Viola Davis, “Fences” Naomie Harris, “Moonlight” Nicole Kidman, “Lion” Octavia Spencer, “Hidden Figures” Michelle Williams, “Manchester by the Sea” Outstanding cast “Captain Fantastic” “Fences” “Hidden Figures” “Manchester by the Sea” “Moonlight” Television Outstanding actor, TV movie or limited series Riz Ahmed, “The Night of” Sterling K. Brown, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Bryan Cranston, “All the Way” John Turturro, “The Night of” Courtney B. Vance, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Outstanding actress, TV movie or limited series Bryce Dallas Howard, “Black Mirror” Felicity Huffman, “American Crime” Audra McDonald, “Lady Day at Emerson’s Bar  Grill” Sarah Paulson, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Kerry Washington, “Confirmation” Outstanding actor, drama series Sterling K. Brown, “This Is Us” Peter Dinklage, “Game of Thrones” John Lithgow, “The Crown” Rami Malek, “Mr. Robot” Kevin Spacey, “House of Cards” Outstanding actress, drama series Millie Bobby Brown, “Stranger Things” Claire Foy, “The Crown” Thandie Newton, “Westworld” Winona Ryder, “Stranger Things” Robin Wright, “House of Cards” Outstanding actor, comedy series Anthony Anderson, “ ” Tituss Burgess, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” Ty Burrell, “Modern Family” William H. Macy, “Shameless” Jeffrey Tambor, “Transparent” Outstanding actress, comedy series Uzo Aduba, “Orange Is the New Black” Jane Fonda, “Grace and Frankie” Ellie Kemper, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” Julia   “Veep” Lily Tomlin, “Grace and Frankie” Outstanding ensemble, drama series “The Crown” (Netflix) “Downton Abbey ( ) “Game of Thrones” (HBO) “Stranger Things” (Netflix) “Westworld” (HBO) Outstanding ensemble, comedy series “The Big Bang Theory” (CBS) “ ” (ABC) “Modern Family” (ABC) “Orange Is the New Black” (Netflix) “Veep” (HBO) Outstanding stunt ensemble, movie  “Captain America: Civil War” “Doctor Strange” “Hacksaw Ridge” “Jason Bourne” “Nocturnal Animals” Outstanding stunt ensemble, comedy or drama series “Game of Thrones” (HBO) “Marvel’s Daredevil” (Netflix) “Marvel’s Luke Cage” (Netflix) “The Walking Dead” (AMC) “Westworld” (HBO)",0
19933,Pro-Life Leaders Celebrate Motherhood and Reach Out to Those Suffering After Abortion - Breitbart,Dr. Susan Berry,"National   leaders are celebrating mothers and motherhood as they also reach out to women experiencing the pain of the loss of motherhood through abortion. [The March for Life is celebrating Mother’s Day by inviting its supporters to share special qualities of their moms.  What makes your mother special? https:  .  #MothersDay pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 12, 2017,  The organizers of the world’s largest   demonstration  —   held in Washington, D. C. each year on the anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision  —   shares tributes to mothers throughout the nation. ”When I was 6 weeks old I would have the first of many brain surgeries  …    my mom stuck with me through it all.”  —  &gt&gt https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 12, 2017,  ”Her heart inspires me to be a better person every day, this is why I love my mom!”  —   Natalie: https:  .  #mothersday pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 11, 2017,  Thanks to our moms who give us roots and wings! Let us know what makes your mother special  —  &gt&gt https:  . . #mothersday pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 11, 2017,  After this girl scheduled an abortion, her mom  a lunch appointment changed her mind https:  .  @EmbraceGraceInc #prolife pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 11, 2017,  ”My mom is one of the most amazing people I know”  —   Adelaide: https:  .  #mothersday #motherhood pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 10, 2017,    leaders Family Research Council, Alveda King, and Students for Life of America tweet their Mother’s Day messages: This #MothersDay, let us thank God for the boundless blessings of all the mothers in our lives. https:  .  #moms,  —   FRC (@FRCdc) May 12, 2017,  For Mothers’ Day Celebrate Life! pic. twitter.   —   Alveda King (@AlvedaCKing) May 12, 2017,  #momsdontneed abortion. pic. twitter.   —   Students for Life (@Students4LifeHQ) May 11, 2017,  March for Life also acknowledges that, while many families will be celebrating Mother’s Day with gifts and expressions of gratitude for the women who brought them into the world, those who are experiencing loss and pain following an abortion may need hope and healing. There is hope and healing after abortion. https:  .   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 12, 2017,  A Renewed Mother’s Day: Mothers Day History and Real Meaning  https:  .   —   Fr. Frank Pavone (@frfrankpavone) May 11, 2017,  Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, also serves as pastoral director of Rachel’s Vineyard  —   the world’s largest ministry for healing after abortion. Pavone tells Breitbart News he is in touch daily with women who mourn their lost motherhood following abortion. ”Our society must not settle for leaving women who face unplanned pregnancy no hope but abortion.” https:  .   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 10, 2017,  “Mother’s Day is for so many of them a time of particular pain, but also a time of particular healing,” he explains. “There are many sentimental trappings of Mother’s Day  —   and these, of course are nothing bad  —   the cards and flowers, the hearts and   greetings. But the woman who started Mother’s Day came to feel that sentimentality had obscured its original meaning. ” Pavone also provides pastoral leadership for the Silent No More Awareness Campaign, an effort to mobilize those who testify to the pain they have experienced through abortion. He relates the story of Anna Jarvis, the founder of the original Mother’s Day holiday, to those who are helping others heal after abortion: After the Civil War, Anna Jarvis, an activist from West Virginia, wanted to honor her late mother for her good work in her lifetime. Anna’s mother had started mothers clubs to help lower infant mortality. Anna carried on her mother’s work. With the outbreak of the Civil War, she created mothers’ clubs that tended to wounded soldiers on both sides. These concrete and organized actions of mothers involved hard work and sustained commitment geared toward saving lives, and often marked by the pain of losing those lives. In a sense, then, the current holocaust of abortion in which we are living, and the pain of so many mothers who have lost their own children, can be an occasion to recover deeper and more original meanings of Mother’s Day. Mothers can come together  —   as so many do through Rachel’s Vineyard and Silent No More  —   to strengthen one another to face the pain abortion brings, to walk the journey of healing, and to commit themselves to save as many lives as possible from this scourge of our day. And in that sense Mother’s Day becomes a holiday for all of us to renew our commitment to defend mothers and their children from something that is taking far more lives than war or disease has ever taken. On Mother’s Day,   leaders also remember women and girls who have continued an unplanned pregnancy and offered their babies for adoption. Adoption changes lives! #adoption #prolife #whywemarch pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 10, 2017,  ”A birthmom’s decision has nothing to do   giving up but everything to do   giving life. ”https:  .  #BirthMothersDay #Courage pic. twitter.   —   Radiance Foundation (@lifehaspurpose) May 12, 2017,  Dr. Grazie Pozo Christie of the Catholic Association reflects at Angelus of her own experience of the “miraculous grace of adoption”: [T]hose of us who have had the privilege of adopting feel it as a divine benediction. Sometimes we are praised for our generosity, but we know that the gift is all for the parents. Although adoption requires a trusting leap into the unknown and a conscious acceptance of any number of difficulties, the return in joy is dizzying. Often, though my daughter has been with me for nine years, I look at her and I am freshly struck with the utter unlikelihood of her person being mine to guard. What you really need to know about birth moms on Mother’s Day https:  .  #mothersday #chooselife @JettCallie @March_for_Life,  —   Catholic Association (@CatholicAssoc) May 12, 2017, ",0
19934,Signs of the End: Nearly 50% Of Catholics Voted Clinton?,Eric Gajewski,"  TradCatKnight Radio is a quality program bringing you all of the top quests from around the world who are experts in their own specific fields. This program is highly listened to, unique and insightful. In addition I give talks for other radio shows/programs and have been see all over alternative media. I expose the infiltration/apostasy in the Catholic Church. I unmask FreeMasonry/New Age/New World Order/Zionism. I cover economics, health, prepping, survivalism, communist dumbing down of society, earth changes, signs of the times, prophecy, politics, geopolitics, ""conspiracies"", current events, global depopulation, Agenda 21, endtimes, satanic pedophile network, geoengineering, feminism, rise in demonic activity and MUCH more! Contact: Suggestions for special guests or to have me on your program/show.... apostleofmary@hotmail.com Host: Eric Gajewski, B.S., MBA Signs of the End: Nearly 50% Of Catholics Voted Clinton? By Eric Gajewski on November 11, 2016 
Signs of the End: Nearly 50% Of Catholics Voted Clinton? Signs of Times, Catholic Ain’t Catholic Anymore… By: Eric Gajewski 
Buckle up because this blog is about to get “bumpy”. Upon moving through the news today I stumbled upon an article which stated that Trump won the Catholic vote. The article continued on relaying that 45% of those (self-identified) “Catholics” polled voted for Clinton? Yes, you heard me right. Nearly one out of every two people polled voted for the high ranking satanic witch herself. It truly is a sad time to be a Catholic. The good news, of course, is that, those who did identify themselves as “Catholic” are not in reality. Today we live in a cesspool of heresy and apostasy. I couldn’t imagine the remarks of some of the Church Fathers if they had lived in our time. Make no mistake I hold that Trump is a New World Order puppet but at least he is pretending not to be Satan. My goodness how low society has hit when self-professed Catholics vote for a satanic pedophile. Fifty percent of supposed “Catholics” voted for death itself and did these same 50 percenter’s forget their way home from the voting machines as well? 
It is truly not surprising. Take a look at what is going on the Vatican and you have your answer. From the top on down it is nearly wholly corrupt. The Synagogue has the highest seat now in the Vatican and has puppets/agents spread throughout all the world governments. Folks, voting for evil will not get rid of evil. Only God now can cure us of this disease in the Vatican and in Washington D.C. Stupid is as stupid does and when the supposed leader of the Church goes around making such idiotic statements which run contrary to the Faith the stupidity only tends to grow. I am certain that these Clinton supporters no longer have any fear of God by demonstrating their support for her. Lebron James the “Christian” (Illuminati puppet) even came out and supported her. 
The Church was meant to be the salt of the world. The statistics show that Obama won the “Catholic” vote back in 2012 so at least we had a drop in 5 percent over the last 4 years. I could not be any more sarcastic. This number should not even be one percent! In my most recent poll on TradCatKnight (which closed yesterday) I had 2 percent of the viewing audience say they would vote for Clinton. What in the hell is wrong with people these days? Is it the “chemtrail nanobots” activating inside the heads of men telling them to go vote for Satan? Is it the fluoride in the water which is specifically targeting the “Catholic” population alone? Or maybe just maybe it is the Marxist/Socialists who have hijacked our Church? Since Vatican II the Church has been overrun with heresy which is now being labeled truth. Hey…but they got to get with the times! Churchmen have completely lost their minds because they have lost God’s grace. Their hearts are ill and thus their minds rot and vice versa. Churchmen of the Conciliar Church (Vatican II) no longer are the salt but they are sugar. They are too busy trying to sugar coat everything and kiss up to the world. Some “Catholics” on their way home? 
It must have been those Ouija board playing “Catholics”. Apparently, 50% percent of these supposed Catholics missed that part in the Church’s teaching on voting for pro-choice politicians. Or did they? Have we arrived at that point in history where those claiming to follow Christ no longer even care about the basics? And if so how does this not indicate that Antichrist is right around the corner? Truly, a sign for our times. My good friends, I would argue that nine out of every ten “Catholic” isn’t Catholic these days due to this apostasy in the Church. These heretics showing up to vote are no more Catholic than Stephen Hawking is. Seriously, what Catechism do these “Catholics” read besides their Maxim magazine and Sports Illustrated (modern man’s new catechism). It truly is sad and frightening what I have to encounter out in “internet land” on a daily basis in regards to who labels themselves “Catholic”. Is there any hope with error so widespread? On the human level there is not which is why God will soon chastise this world like it has never seen. Men will see (they will wish they hadn’t) God’s distaste for liberalism, Marxism, Socialism, Americanism, Communism, Protestantism, Zionism, etc. Buckle up it is going to get bumpy. 
We all know we live in apocalyptic times, however, does it get any more apocalyptic than “Catholics” voting for Killery? Forget about that asteroid coming to end society for society is already lost and gone. As the Church goes so will the world and this perfectly summarizes where we are in terms of the times we live in. It is hard enough these days to try and convert those outside the true Catholic Faith and now I have to deal with this argument (that nearly half voted for Hillary). Again, this is not to say that Trump is not evil either. The reason people believe he is not evil is simply a distorted perception of him. What you see of him (in the mainstream media) is how the new world order wants you to perceive him. This “branding” will only make it easier to institute the race war and riots they have planned from the backlash of his election. 
When will the voters realize the game has been rigged? Heck, even Hitler was funded by the Zionists and that was ancient history. You think it is any different now? The answer is the New World Order loves and wants the division they have created since this election and they plan on taking full advantage of it. Then, of course, the new world order will use this division to further solidify the One World Religion coming. The same principles for marriage ought to be applied for voting. Do you just settle? Do you continually make your bed with these puppeteers of the new world order? Can you imagine if you actually convinced yourself to marry the lesser of two evils? When will men await the arrival of the eagles? I have been saying for some time now “pray for the best but prepare for the worst” yet too many ride upon that “high of false hope” as this four year roller coaster keeps passing by. Will there be an outpouring of prayer out to God for real leaders (who are really outsiders) who will truly lead men through the Great Storm to come. It assuredly isn’t Trump nor Clinton because both who cash checks from the snakes head called “Israel.inc”. 
P-R-S Model (Problem, Reaction & Solution) The Problem= Hillary Clinton Reaction= Need change, an “outsider”= Donald Trump (supposed Outsider) Solution= division and civil unrest (which ultimately leads toward a wanting of a “messiah” figure to come) 
Clinton Voters…Just in case you didn’t think America was doomed Related Posts:",1
19935,"FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2","Gordon Duff, Senior Editor","By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 2, 2016 By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor and Ian Greenhalgh, Managing Editor 
Sources within the FBI have informed VT that a cabal tied to right wing extremists, in particular General Paul Vallely’s Stand Up America (advocating the violent overthrow of the American government) and the Federalist Society along with groups like St. Hubertus and Bilderberg, now run the rank and file of the FBI. The FBI is now a key component of the secret societies that John F. Kennedy warned about. When top DC insiders meet with oil and defense contractors, be it a “prayer breakfast” or “hunting society” or to dance around a fire somewhere wearing horned headgear, the FBI is there. 
Calls for a special prosecutor to investigate possible FBI involvement in attempts to rig this years presidential election have more to them than meet the eye. A culture of corruption has infected the FBI to the point where they have become a danger to national security. Let’s be clear, the majority of FBI agents are not only competent and honest, they are fine people. However, this is a deeply political group, strongly right wing, with a very secretive hierarchy that has not only taken sides in the election, but has been involved in covering up terrorist acts and organized crime for years. 
Recently, CNN called for a special prosecutor to investigate the FBI. There is a reason for this, which we will get into, not at some small risk. CNN also reported on “fake news” and the threat it entails. What if I told you that the majority of FBI agents, including highest level officials, were not only “birthers,” a belief even Trump now has backed away from, but openly talk about murders they believe Hillary Clinton has committed or continue to insist that President Obama is a Muslim? Worse still, many actually insist that Barack Obama is the anti-Christ. 
Not only are those who run America’s most powerful law enforcement organization rooted in conspiracy theories and delusions, they are continually hoaxed by fake news stories. 
Worse still, the FBI has, for years, covered for financial criminals, the payday loan scams, the mortgage “robo-signers” and more. When America’s savings and loans were crashed by fraud during the Reagan administration, costing $1.4 trillion, few went to jail. This may have been the beginning. When, in 2007, America’s investment banking system collapsed, the price of that nearing $10 trillion, all of which involved criminal fraud on an unimaginable scale, all that could be done was a “bail out,” but no prosecutions though nearly half the equity value of the entire nation had been redirected overseas by an international criminal cabal. 
This is the same FBI, under the guidance of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, that got behind torture, kidnapping and illegal surveillance. 
Where we are now is this, organized crime at the highest levels is free to operate in the US with impunity while the FBI runs political witch hunts under the direction of right wing extremist groups. 
We are told that the FBI helped squash the 9/11 investigations, including releasing certain suspects tied to foreign intelligence services along with a series of investigations tied to voter intimidation, voting machine hacking and the death of Michael Connell , which would have brought down the Bush presidency. 
Read today’s New York Times about Donald Trump’s income taxes, where the term “improper” is used when describing Trump’s taking huge tax deductions for losses by others. Even the Times is afraid of using the term “criminal.” It isn’t Trump they are afraid of. Gambling boss Sheldon Adelson just gave Trump $25m today, dirty money to bolster a flagging campaign, donated after the FBI attempt to down Clinton with a phony email scandal failed miserably due to VT investigative reporting . 
VT’s allegations have now all been supported, and sources are coming forward about much more serious problems within the FBI and real threats to national security. 
The Federalists 
There is both a public and private version of the Federalist Society. They organize high school debates, the recruit “like minded conservatives” to go to law school or in law schools, they push “right minded” lawyers into key positions in politics, in the courts and in the FBI. There’s the rub. There is a dark side to the federalists as well, agenda drive and very “anti-government,” as much as any militia, in fact “out neoconning” the neocons hands down. 
The Federalist Society is powerful, embedded everywhere and operating with a grand plan, one that involves something beyond tyranny as we know it, the full unabridged version of the corporate state where superior man is allowed his way and others, well, they learn to lie down and take it. 
This is conservatism, or “neo-conservatism” as it exists, not on the news but in real life, elitism at the hands of self proclaimed elites “in their own minds,” empowered mama’s boys, ass kissers and the kids that hung around the teacher’s skirts during recess so they wouldn’t get their tiny little asses handed to them by regular children. 
The Plot 
What if congress were controlled by the Federalists? What if the Federalists controlled, until Scalia was killed anyway, the Supreme Court as well? What if the Federalists organized congress to block judicial appointments, in order to run the courts and control key cases around the country for paying clients, some drug cartels, defense companies but more often big polluters, drug companies and banks, the kind of banks that robo-sign mortgages and bilk customers out of their savings. 
The Federalists run the FBI, having taken over after pushing aside the Mormon contingent, still alive and well but less powerful, that was put in place by Hoover. 
Here’s the rub, we have seen congress do little during the Obama presidency but run investigations, some of them like Benghazi, built on “fake news” and internet conspiracies. We also mentioned that the FBI, rather than being a collection of elitist lawyers and big IQ guys, is now Fox News conspiracy junkies who, after 9/11, ate the entire donut cart of fantasy fed to the general public and have, for more than a decade, chased shadows and fought a war on terror against organization that never existed. 
Where this applies now is in what we have seen over the past few days. We have established the “crying liberal goodguy” credentials of James Comey, FBI Director. We know he hates torture, fought against, for awhile at least, the surveillance state and certainly convinced President Obama that he was going to be able to clean up the FBI after its long descent into disrepute during the Bush/Gonzales period. 
For years, every time Alex Jones or some other podcaster or blogger, a “fake news” generator came up with a tale about Hillary Clinton, Congress put millions on the table and began the witch hunt. The version of Benghazi that congress chases around and the one the intelligence agencies know is real are so unrelated as to share almost no facts at all. Everything about Libya was secret, including the shotgun wedding between Gaddaffi and Bush/Blair, a sick threesome involving not just arms dealing but a covert nuclear weapons program, germ warfare labs and surrogate terrorism to be blamed on others, like Syria. 
Where it gets dangerous is here, we have congress controlled by the GOP, a mix of Tea Party true believers, with the wild eyed look worn down a bit and the “I am for sale, name a price” written on their fat pink little pig faces. 
Mix in the usual suspects, the “Washington types,” running when told, where told, fully at the services of the lobby, Israel, big Pharma, the drug cartels who top off their Bain Capital/Cayman Islands bank accounts… 
Add to that, the endless obstructionism, the endless investigations and, wait for it, an FBI now controlled by the Federalist Society, the name group that runs the congressional investigations and manages the payoffs as well. 
Then Obama throws Comey into the mix. Here is what we are told; Comey killed the expected prosecution of Hillary not because the investigation showed she didn’t commit crimes but because the investigation showed very much that she had committed many crimes, but for one minor problem. The investigation itself was corrupt, fabricating evidence, intimidating witnesses and falsifying everything it touched. The Federalists expected Comey to bend over as he had so many times in the past. Instead, he simply threw it all out. 
The leaders of the FBI cabal met at a contractors ranch in Montana to discuss how to get not only Hillary but Comey as well. The deal was this, take a batch of emails that were “out there,” and there were hundreds of thousands unaccounted for. Seed classified information into them, for “security’s sake” like had been done before, something Comey caught onto when he killed the FBI’s case against Hillary. 
Then to do two things, crash the election and get rid of Comey. With Trump coming in, if things work out, Comey will be replaced with a puppet of choice and the Federalist run FBI will be unleashed to blackmail, torture and fabricate evidence until caught and there will be nobody left to speak up. 
Working hand in hand with them will be congress and pouring money in, the drug cartels, the Israel/Saudi/Turkish lobby, big oil and maybe even the Russians as well, who knows. The sky is the limit. This is just like the good old days with Nixon. 
Setting up Comey was easy. Get the emails, put them on Weiner’s computer and fail to legally gain access to them by not applying for a search warrant. Then go to Comey telling him they were just found. With his weak constitution and the abuse he got from Trump’s people, combined with the “line agent insurrection” (yes, this is the term used) for standing up against them once, Comey would fold. 
Comey folded, he took the bait and ran to congress with the weeks old illegally obtained probably seeded and falsified evidence that has burned down his career. 
With calls for FBI Director James Comey to step down and accusations of FBI corruption from both the Trump and Clinton campaigns, sources have begun to come forward. What we are hearing, primarily from inside the FBI but from Washington insiders of both parties, will shake the very foundations of the republic. We begin: 
What We Know 
James Comey has a history as a reformer and advocate of constitutional rights. In 2004, he was brought into the Bush Department of Justice but soon found much amiss and became a critic of torture, rendition and “cooked” terror cases. President Obama believed he was pulling a fast one by moving Comey, a Republican, into the slot as FBI director. Comey was tasked with reforming the Bureau, which had begun “cowboying” cases and making up the rules, widely abusing even its broadened powers under anti-terror legislation that many legal experts cite as being unconstitutional. To many in the FBI, the Patriot Acts and FISA weren’t tyrannical enough. 
The FBI is overrun with factions and some of them are closely tied to extremist groups that advocate the overthrow of the United States government. 
Let’s be clear, most FBI agents are lawyers, many are experienced law enforcement officers and, typically, the majority are frighteningly honest, a bit dull and very right wing. Most FBI agents are “birthers,” and still believe that President Obama is a Muslim and was born in Kenya, though there is no evidence, whatsoever, to imply that either assertion has merit. 
Still they believe this. In discussions with FBI agents and ranking FBI officials, invariably they are horribly uninformed on international affairs and seem as though they get their ideas about terror threats from TV shows. Most are not rooted in reality, not by standards of an intelligence agency or military command. The FBI has developed a closed culture, almost cult-like, where influences are often extremist, sometimes religious and were the organs of oversight and control have broken down. 
The FBI can’t be trusted. 
The public knows that Director Comey wrote a letter to congress where he expressed an obligation to inform congress of evidence he had just received that indicated that not all emails between former Secretary of State Clinton and others, sent through a private server, had been evaluated for potential criminal elements. The letter went no further. 
Comey had been warned not to send the letter, advised may be a better term, by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other officials, making their case that he is not authorized to released such information and that the timing of this was highly suspect and this act would damage the reputation of the FBI. 
Lynch was unaware that the emails had, in fact, been around for a up to a month. She was alway unaware that they had been illegally downloaded or “synced” into Anthony Weiner’s computer. She was further unaware that existing search warrants made viewing or evaluating these emails, in any way, no matter how they had been accessed, was illegal. 
Thus, when Comey commented in his letter about the basic nature of the emails, information only available through a process that violated law, he moved into the area of gross misconduct, perhaps criminal misconduct and left himself open for accusations of Hatch Act violation. The basis Comey applied for rationalizing his act was predicated on these points: A valid search warrant that covered these emails was in place. It was not. These emails had been, in fact, already in the hard drive and were not placed there, “planted” or “synced” by the FBI. If Comey were told this or failed to ask or make certain, the standard for conspiracy and obstruction charges exist within his office and the case management team at the FBI. Comey based his letter on what he claimed was his belief that these emails had just been discovered. In fact they had been around for as long as five weeks, a fact that raises more questions: Why did Comey wait until just prior to an election? Who did he talk to? What transpired during this period? Why did Comey not as for a search warrant to review the emails, though we know the process, or at least a cursory and quite illegal process had already begun, until after he wrote his letter and was bombarded with criticism? 
A powerful group of FBI agents, opposed to Hillary Clinton, a group that includes extremists tied to the are the force behind the bizarre letter Director James Comey wrote to Congress last Friday, which have led to calls for his resignation and even arrest. 

The FBI claims it knew of the Weiner/Abedin emails as early as September 22, 2016 and had certainly accessed them, without a warrant, by October 3 or 4. 
Director Comey’s letter to Congress makes reference to knowledge that could only be obtained by reviewing minimally header material but also limited text in the emails, which he makes note of, though there is no legal basis for him having any information at all, as no warrant was issued until yesterday. 
Yesterday, Comey announced that the emails had been held for some time. If this is true, it was done without his knowledge, a serious breach of national security. If he did know, it is for Comey to show how he dealt with that knowledge for the past 30 days, with whom he conferred and why he waited. This is where Senator Reid finds basis for citing Comey as in criminal violation of the Hatch Act and sees likely intent on Comey’s part to rig an election. 

Things in Washington are coming apart as a pattern of “cowboying,” up to and including criminal acts, planting evidence, Hatch Act violations, perjury and obstruction may well have infected the FBI. Sources indicate that “line agents” within the FBI who either support the Trump candidacy or strongly oppose Hillary Clinton, are using the Bureau to try to rig this year’s presidential election, an assertion now echoing around Washington. 
The Hillary email issues, cited by Senator Harry Reid (D) Utah as a violation of the Hatch Act, Federal employees involved in rigging an election, is only the tip of the iceberg. Yesterday, FBI Director James Comey admitted that he didn’t know agents had withheld emails by Clinton aide, Huma Abedin, that he mistakenly reported to congress as a recent discovery. 
In fact, not only had the agents held these emails for weeks, as early as September 22, 2016, they had failed to ask for a warrant to even view them. Moreover, the acquisition of the emails itself was, according to numerous sources, an abuse of a warrant. Worse still, as the emails weren’t actually even on the computer but were loaded to it, and then misrepresented as being “found” on the computer’s hard drive. 
Practices like this were commonplace during the second Bush administration and it was James Comey that was brought in to institute reforms and end the procedural abuses that had become rampant inside the Bureau. After 9/11 sweeping changes in surveillance legislation and broadly expanded powers instilled in many agents, according to sources in the Department of Justice, a broad disrespect for constitutional guarantees. 
“They went a bit nuts there, and by the time Ashcroft (Attorney General) tried to rein them in, it was too late. Ashcroft was sick and was eventually pushed out by even stronger advocates of enhanced interrogation and the rule of the day, “rounding up the usual suspects,” guilty or not, in order to make the papers and sell more terror legislation.”",1
19936,URGENT: Donald Trump Just Called Out Obama for His SICKEST Crime Yet! * LIBERTY WRITERS NEWS,Danny Gold,"If you love Donald Trump, then you are gonna really LOVE this. Obama figured he was untouchable, but Trump just pulled out the big guns and Obama is absolutely horrified!! 
Trump told his rally in Florida today that… Obama was aware that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats were hiring people to beat up Trump supporters at his rallies! 

Donald Trump actually made a great point. The guy behind the violent attacks was a Democrat named Bob Creamer. Creamer, a convicted felon, admitted on tape to hiring the attackers for Hillary! 
However, when more digging was done, it was discovered that Creamer visited the White House over 300 times since Obama became president. 
Trump said, ‘He visited the White House, I think it was 344 times, right? But he said, “Yeah, but I only saw that president 44 times.” Oh, well that’s okay. So I’m sure the president didn’t know anything about the violence, right?’ Trump also reminded the crowd that Hillary Clinton actually paid one of the fighters $1500 and a new cell phone in return for causing a massive fight at his Chicago rally. Look, these are the exact same tactics that Hitler use. Hillary Clinton is exactly like Hitler. I call her Hitlery! If you wanna stop Hitlery, then the first step is to share this article out and make the world see Trump is way better. Step two is to get out and VOTE! ",1
19937,"After EU Threatens Sanctions, Philippines Refuses Aid to Stop ’Interfering With Our Internal Affairs’",Breitbart London,"MANILA, Philippines (AP)  —   The Philippines will no longer accept new grants from the European Union, officials said Thursday, forgoing possibly more than 250 million euros ($ 278. 7 million) in funds for development projects in the country. [The EU delegation in Manila said the Philippine government informed it about its decision Wednesday, but it has yet to receive a written notice. Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea, in a text reply to the Associated Press, said the move was “to discourage them from interfering with our internal affairs. ”  President Rodrigo Duterte earlier had challenged the EU to stop its assistance after the bloc warned that the Philippines risks losing   exports to Europe because of the thousands killed in the war on drugs launched by Duterte and Manila’s moves to revive the death penalty. “The President has approved the recommendation of the Department of Finance not to accept grants from the EU that may allow it to interfere with internal policies of the Philippines,” presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters Thursday. EU Ambassador Franz Jessen said more than 250 million euros ($278. 7 million) worth of grants could be at stake. “We are still awaiting more detailed clarification from the government,” Jessen said in an email to the AP. “The amount possibly concerned by the new decision is 250 million euro plus. For this year the amount affected could be 100 million euro. ” Development projects currently using EU assistance include a 35 million euro ($39 million) grant to support the peace process with Muslim rebels in the southern Philippines. The EU is the largest foreign investor in the Philippines, the only member of the   Association of Southeast Asian Nations to enjoy   exports under EU’s Generalized Scheme of Preferences + or GSP+ incentives for developing countries. The Philippine’s   exports to EU was worth around 1. 6 billion euros ($1. 78 million) in 2016, according to EU delegation data. In March, the EU summoned a Philippine envoy to explain an   tirade by Duterte, who threatened to hang EU officials for opposing his efforts to   the death penalty. The EU’s external action service, the equivalent of a foreign office, said it hauled Charge d’Affaires Alan Deniega to its Brussels headquarters to provide “an explanation for the recent, unacceptable comments of President Duterte. ” The move highlights growing European exasperation with the president. Earlier, the EU denied his allegations that it proposed solving the Philippines’ drug problem by creating treatment clinics where illegal drugs such as methamphetamine or cocaine would be dispensed. Duterte has lashed out at the EU repeatedly for raising human rights concerns over his deadly crackdown on illegal drugs. “If you think it is high time for you to withdraw your assistance, go ahead, we will not beg for it,” Duterte said in a speech in October, referring to aid from the U. S. EU and other critics. The social development arm of the influential Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines criticized the government’s decision. “The Duterte administration is just too fanatically engrossed on the war on drugs, hating every institution that questions it,” said the Rev. Edwin Gariguez, head of the   Secretariat for Social Action. “This   is echoed even in making foreign or economic policy, which is extremely detrimental to the welfare and interest of the poor, like this decision not to accept EU aid. ”",0
19938,A Republican Congresswoman Has Personal Stake in Transgender Debate - The New York Times,Lizette Alvarez,"MIAMI  —   The day Rodrigo   told his prominent parents about his new gender identity, he did so in a letter that he left on their bed. Then he grabbed a packed bag and, unsure of whether he would be welcomed back, went to a friend’s house to see if his family would love him or leave him. His shocked parents, Representative Ileana   a Miami Republican, and Dexter Lehtinen, who served as the top federal prosecutor here, did not hesitate. They grabbed the phone and told him that they loved him and that family trumped all, and asked him to come home. But as with many parents of transgender children, they were also overwhelmed by fear: The future they saw for their then    whom they had named Amanda, would be pockmarked with discrimination and bullying, if not outright violence. It was this visceral reaction to want to protect her child that drove Ms.   to break from her party’s skepticism or hostility on gay and transgender issues  —   a stance evident now in North Carolina’s battle over transgender bathroom visits  —   and become a conspicuous advocate in Congress and more recently in public service announcements. On Monday, Ms.   her husband and her son, now 30, will appear in the latest one for SAVE, a longtime South Florida gay rights group that hopes to engage the Latino community here. “I worried about his safety and about his ” Ms.   said, noting that inflammatory debates like the one about school bathrooms serve to further alienate transgender youths and subject them to more bullying and animosity. “I didn’t want him to be depressed. You think of all the parade of horribles that could happen. ” There is ample evidence that many transgender people continue to be rejected by their families, employers and society, a situation that is beginning to change as the transgender movement becomes more visible and better organized. And while Ms.   profoundly disagrees with President Obama on a number of issues, especially on his approach to Cuba, she agreed with his administration’s directive Friday telling school districts to allow students to use the school facilities that match the sex they identify with, even if that conflicts with their anatomical sex. “Allowing students to use the bathroom of their authentic selves is a step forward in stopping the stigma around transgender individuals,” said Ms.   63, the first Hispanic woman elected to Congress. “Unnecessary laws only make transgender youth feel unaccepted, and can lead to depression or even worse, suicide. ” Her husband, a lawyer who as a United States attorney here supervised the prosecution of the Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega and now teaches constitutional law at the University of Miami, said the administration had sent a strong message. But he questioned the method, worrying that the president’s unilateral approach might undercut the protections he is offering. “It’s important that in this slow but necessary recognition of equality that we do it on a sound legal basis, because law and process carry great weight with the American people,” Mr. Lehtinen said. “It legitimizes what we are trying to do. ” As for the Republican Party, Ms.   who has served in the House for more than 25 years, said it would come along as more Americans shared stories of how discrimination can harm the lives of gay and transgender people. “The Republican Party’s stance on the issue is lagging behind,” she added. “But folks are figuring out that there is no political harm in embracing these issues and, in fact, they see a lot of good can come out of it. ” For her family, the journey that began with Rodrigo’s letter in 2007 unfolded over five years. Rejecting their child, who had just graduated from Brown University, was unthinkable. Even so, getting entirely comfortable with the idea of a daughter who had become a son, a sister who had become a brother, was not altogether easy for the family and required adjustments, particularly outside the home. “It was an evolving conversation for the next five years,” said Mr.   who will soon move back to Miami from Los Angeles, where he works as a   for a gay, lesbian and transgender rights group. “Nobody expects their child to be transgender. It’s a big shift, and we often want to go back to our normal lives. ” Although he had come out as bisexual as Amanda in high school, he said he knew so little about transgender people that he did not see it in himself until he got to Brown. He trod slowly, first by wearing men’s clothing and asking friends to call him Rodrigo. “I didn’t know how comfortable a person could feel until I had tried on men’s clothes,” said Mr.   who goes by Rigo, adding that he had long grown accustomed to feeling depressed or anxious. “A fog lifted. ” When the moment came to tell his family, he had no reason to think they would lash out, but he still imagined the worst. “I am about to lose everyone I love,” he told himself. He also feared that he would hurt his mother’s political career, a possibility that did not worry Ms.  . A turning point came when he told his    abuelo in 2010. “We were terrified to tell him,” Mr.   said. Instead of becoming angry, his grandfather shrugged. At his age, he said, nothing was more important than the happiness of his grandchild. “It was an incredibly simple and loving response,” Mr.   added. As time went on, he began taking testosterone, and now sports a beard. Last year, he married a man, adding Heng to his name. His father, who was badly wounded in the face in Vietnam as an Army Ranger (and still bears the scar) says one way to generate empathy is to help people understand that sexual and gender orientation do not define a person’s character  —   but that their work ethic, their honesty, their grit do. “I don’t mean it’s not important to the individual it’s that it should not be important to us which choice they make,” Mr. Lehtinen said. “They are the same person. It’s sometimes difficult for me to understand why anybody would think that their fundamental character would change because of their sexual orientation. ” Their son, Mr. Lehtinen added, has never been happier. As for the family, the new normal is exactly that  —   normal. This is exactly the message the Lehtinens hope to convey to Latinos as they sit around their kitchen table drinking coffee in the SAVE public service announcement, which will air on   networks. Many Latinos are perceived as more traditional and more reluctant to embrace sexual diversity. Gay, lesbian and transgender issues were mostly taboo until recently, which meant that there was scarce media attention on the issue. Polling by the local management consultant Bendixen  Amandi, which has surveyed people on these issues for years and was commissioned by SAVE, showed that the way to connect with Latinos was to present a parent talking about the importance of family. This was an easy fit for the Lehtinens, who embraced that message from the start and whose prominence here gave it extra weight. “Every transgender person is a part of someone’s family and should be treated with compassion and protected from discrimination,” Ms.   said in the video.",0
19939,BREAKING: It’s Official Now China Government Confirms Existence Of UFO And Aliens,Starkman,"We know by now that various governmental institutions have spilled the beans regarding the existence of UFOs, but the Chinese want to break the ice and expose it all. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Because of the constant pressure posed by the people willing to know the truth of what’s really happening on this planet, they had no choice other than declassify decades of thorough investigations of unidentified flying objects.
The CIA, the FBI, the Navy, NASA, military officials, retired astronauts, ex-personnel of area 51, plus many other governments from Brazil, Russia, and recently China, are all admitting at least in part or in full that really some messed up things are happening around us, with cause probably being otherworldly.
Scroll Down For Video Although this data has been known for quite some time by those actively investigating the UFO phenomenon, there are others who are just waking up to this reality and who deserve to know the truth.
In a recent gathering of the non-profit organization known as Citizen Hearing, Shi-Li Sun, an esteemed researcher and president of the Chinese UFO Federation has stepped forward denouncing this concealed reality of UFOs.
According to him, the UFO phenomenon not only is authentic, but it stretches back tens of thousands of years, to a time when ancient China was barely shaping its culture and traits. In his acceptance, otherworldly visitors might had impacted our entire society, and for an unknown period of time contributed to the foundation of humanity before vanishing into outer space, probably to return at a later date to check on Earth’s well-being. In Chinese culture, all these otherworldly beings personified as deities were converted into a single great cosmic beast – the Dragon.
Chinese people consider ourselves as the descendant of Dragon, and Dragon is from outer space in the Chinese culture, so in the Chinese culture we are from outer space as descendant of Dragon,” Shi-Li affirmed.
To break this short, here is what he had to say on behalf of himself, and all the prominent figures involved in the Chinese UFO Organization:
Certainly, after years of research, a large number of Chinese UFO scholars, including myself, are convinced of the authenticity of UFO, the existence of UFOs and aliens…So, we believe in the existence of UFOs, we believe in the existence of aliens and extraterrestrials.”
If you want to find all the spicy details unraveled by the Chinese, make sure to watch the official statement in the video below. Oh, and don’t forget to spread the word about these groundbreaking news, everyone deserves to know about this. [Skip to 6:50 mark for the statement]
",1
19940,Kellyanne Conway Fires Back at Morning Joe’s Baseless Attack: ’It Is a Privilege to Assist President Trump’ - Breitbart,Matthew Boyle,"Counselor to President Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway is firing back hard at Morning Joe hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough for baselessly claiming she does not actually support President Trump. [Conway said in a statement on Tuesday:  The hosts of MSNBC’s Morning Joe have become virulent critics of the President and those close to him. Ignoring insults and insinuations is a valuable skill. But when sentiments are attributed to me that are not true, it is necessary to respond. My beliefs, commitments and loyalties are plain to see. The notion that I am serving for ‘the money’ or a ‘paycheck’ is absurd. As campaign manager, I made a fraction of what other consultants have made on unsuccessful presidential campaigns. Then I walked away from dozens of opportunities for millions of dollars, and instead walked into the White House. I would do it again. It is a privilege to assist President Trump in the White House, just as it was during the campaign. I know him, I respect him, I believe in him, and I am confident in his capacity to be a transformative and successful President. Taking a moment from more important matters to respond   …    . pic. twitter.   —   Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) May 16, 2017,  Conway’s Tuesday statement comes after   attacks from Scarborough and Brzezinski on Monday morning’s program, in which they claimed that Conway —  Trump’s successful general election campaign manager —  is only in it for the money. They even claimed that Conway once said she needed “a shower” after standing up for Trump when the microphones were off during the campaign, something on which they provided no proof. “This is a woman, by the way, who came on our show during the campaign and would shill for Trump in extensive fashion and then she would get off the air, the camera would be turned off, the microphone would be taken off and she would say ‘bleeech I need to take a shower’ because she disliked her candidate so much,” Brzezinski said on Monday. “Also said, that this is just, like my summer in Europe. I’m just doing this for the money, I’ll be off this soon,” Scarborough backed up his    . “I don’t know that she ever said ‘I’m doing this for the money,’ but this is just my summer vacation, my summer in Europe. And basically, I’m gonna get through this. ” Brzezinski then finished Scarborough’s sentence for him. “But first I have to take a shower because it feels so dirty to be saying what I’m saying,” she said. “I guess she’s just used to it now. ” And Scarborough did the same for her: “And also, I thought it was very interesting, after the Access Hollywood tape came out, that’s when she started referring to Donald Trump as ‘my client,’” Scarborough said. Scarborough and Brzezinski have been roundly panned by most for the unsavory and unsubstantiated comments. Fox News’ Tucker Carlson ripped them on Monday for smearing Conway with such comments. “Many journalists believe it’s literally impossible to be unfair to Donald Trump or the people who work for him,” Carlson said in a segment on Monday evening criticizing the media for bias, and particularly ripping Brzezinski and Scarborough for this extreme bias against Conway and Trump. “Extremism in the pursuit of Trump is no vice. That’s the view in newsrooms and you hear it in conversations all around Washington, a city that voted 91 percent for Hillary Clinton last fall  …     They’ve succumbed to Trump hatred that is so intense, it has destroyed their judgment and in some cases affected their character. ” What’s more, Brzezinski’s and Scarborough’s implication that Conway was just supporting Trump for the money —  as simply a client, rather than supporting somebody and something she believes in —  is not backed up by the facts. In fact, a piece in The Atlantic of all places, in March, detailed how Conway has spent the better part of her adult life helping build out the intellectual framework of the ideology that propelled Trump to electoral success. Calling her the “unsung architect of Trumpism,” the Atlantic’s Molly Ball detailed how she was not just a television personality or spin artist or generic GOP strategist, but “a principal architect of the theory behind Trump’s winning campaign. ” Ball wrote: Years before Conway went to work on Trump’s campaign —  when she was still a midlist conservative pollster and Steve Bannon was still running Breitbart —  the two were charter members, Bannon recently told me, of the ‘cabal’ he was forming behind the scenes to upend the Republican establishment. And Conway’s ideas were the key to a major shift in the way Trump addressed immigration, which became his signature issue. One Conway poll in particular —  a   2014 messaging memo commissioned by a controversial   group —  Bannon cited as a sort of Rosetta stone of the message that powered Trump’s victory. It was, Bannon told me, a pillar of ‘the intellectual infrastructure of the populist movement that candidate Trump galvanized’ from the moment he began his candidacy in 2015. Conway, when the rest of Republicans generally speaking were marching to the tune of amnesty in the wake of Mitt Romney’s embarrassing defeat in the 2012 presidential election, went a different route. After the Senate rammed through the   “Gang of Eight” amnesty bill in 2013, and a similar push in the House was maintained through 2014, Conway —  a pollster with The Polling Company —  in August 2014 published a poll that proved the opposite of the open borders lobby’s arguments. “There was, she wrote, ‘strong consensus on many populist immigration policies,’ including enforcing current immigration law, limiting illegal immigrants’ access to welfare and work, and reducing legal immigrants’ ability to bring family members to the United States,” Ball wrote in the Atlantic. Ball continued: The issue, she wrote, should be framed in terms of ‘America First,’ and as a matter of ‘fairness   …     to   workers.’   of likely voters, she pointed out, wanted more enforcement of current immigration laws. (Most economists agree that   immigration displaces some   workers while improving the economy and creating more net jobs overall. And while majorities of voters of both parties consistently oppose deporting the undocumented en masse, majorities generally also oppose increasing the number of legal immigrants.) Conway told me her argument was intended as an explicit rebuttal to the ‘autopsy’ report. ‘Candidates had been told after 2012, because Mitt Romney only got 27 percent of the Hispanic vote, that they had to support comprehensive immigration reform,’ she told me. ‘We were telling them, ‘That’s not true. ’’    white voters, in particular, supported the idea that illegal immigration was hurting their ability to find work, she said. So, in other words, after spending a great deal of her life working on building out the intellectual framework for the ideology that led to Trump’s victory, then personally joining his campaign and helping him across the finish line, somehow to Brzezinski and Scarborough she is not sufficiently committed to the president and his agenda? That does not pass the smell test.",0
19941,Melania Trump: Meet Your First Lady America! (VIDEO),Blanche Benson,"  
Meet Melania Trump. America’s new First Lady. It would be completely pointless to try and compare her to the eloquent Michelle Obama or any other former First Lady for that matter. The best way to get to know the wife of President-elect Donald Trump is to, well, compare her to him. 
Their differences are glaring. She is an immigrant; he hates immigrants. She speaks five languages; he’s barely mastered one. But they do have a lot in common as well. Melania’s father was a Communist party member; and as Putin can attest, Donald likes Communists . 
They also both really love Donald. In her speech at the Republican rally in Berwyn, Philadelphia on November 3, 2016, Melania said about Donald, “He knows how to get things done. He certainly knows how to shake things up, doesn’t he?” 
You can watch her speech here: 
Melania was apparently talking her husband’s approach to politics but was she really. In 1998, at the tender age of 28, the Yugoslav-born former model, Melania Knauss, met Donald Trump at a fashion party. He was still married to Marla Maples and was on a date with another woman. He sent his date to the washroom so he could get Melania’s phone number. Yep, he knows how to get ‘er done in a variety of areas. 
But Melania knows how to shake things up, too. Just ask Howard Stern. In 1999, Melania participated in an on-air radio conversation with the shock jock. 
“Are you naked? Are you nude?” Howard asked Melania. 
“Almost,” she said. 
“Ahhh, I’ve got my pants off already,” replied Howard. 
Like her husband, she apparently loves getting her picture taken as well. You can check out some of the most un-First Lady like pictures here when Melania was profiled in 2000 by GQ. The photos were posted online again in March 2016. Included in the spread, which took place on Trump’s customized Boeing 727, is Melania spread out naked on the bed. 
Air Force One – here they come! 
Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images Share this Article!",1
19942,Ashton Kutcher Blows Kiss to John McCain During Senate Hearing,Daniel Nussbaum,"Actor Ashton Kutcher sent a little love to Sen. John McCain ( ) Wednesday during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing focused on ending modern slavery and child sexual exploitation. [“You were   in the movies,” McCain joked to Kutcher, before The Ranch star blew back a kiss in response.  Appreciate @aplusk @thorn  @ecmassimino @humanrights1st’s commitment to the #enditmovement  support of #EndSlaveryAct pic. twitter.   —   John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) February 15, 2017,  During the hearing Wednesday, the    actor  —   who   the technology company Thorn, which builds software tools to combat child sexual exploitation and human trafficking  —   delivered a   speech detailing how technology can play a role in ending the vicious practices of rape and modern slavery. “This is about the time, when I start talking about politics, that the Internet trolls start telling me to stick to my day job,” Kutcher told the panel, chaired by Sen. Bob Corker ( ). But Kutcher said his day job comprised of working at Thorn to fight child sex crimes, and of being a father to two children.  “I’ve been on FBI raids where I’ve seen things that no person should ever see,” he said, appearing to choke up. “I’ve seen video content of a child that’s the same age as mine, being raped by an American man that was a sex tourist in Cambodia, and this child was so conditioned by her environment that she thought she was engaging in play. ” Kutcher said his company had once received a call from the Department of Homeland Security asking for help in locating a serial sex abuser. “We were the last line of defense, an actor and his foundation, we were the potential last line of defense,” he said. “That’s my day job, and I’m sticking to it. ” Kutcher also discussed a tool that his company built called Spotlight, which allows law enforcement officers the ability to prioritize their case load. He said the program was already being used by more than 4, 000 law enforcement officials in over 900 agencies. “There’s often a misconception about technology that in some way, it is the generator of some evil, that it’s creating job displacement and that it enables violence and malice acts,” he continued. “But as an entrepreneur and as a venture capitalist in the technology field, I see technology as simply a tool. A tool without will. The will is the user of that technology, and I think it’s an important distinction. ” “Technology can be used to enable slavery, but it can also be used to disable slavery, and that’s what we’re doing,” he added. Watch Kutcher’s full speech above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
19943,Renée Zellweger Is Back and Standing Up for Herself - The New York Times,Melena Ryzik,"It has been six years since Renée Zellweger appeared on a big screen, and twice as long since she has channeled Bridget Jones, the British heroine who made charming sport of cataloging her romantic foibles. The gap was by design: Ms. Zellweger, 47, an Oscar nominee for the first “Bridget” movie and a winner in 2004 for “Cold Mountain,” stepped away from the Hollywood “cycle,” as she called it, to take stock of her life. “I had a lot of promises that I made to myself, years ago, about things that I wanted to learn and try,” she said. She traveled, studied screenwriting  —   “I feel like I’m more articulate with my pen”  —   and helped created a TV pilot about female musicians in 1960s and ’70s Los Angeles. No networks have bitten so far, she said, miming a tear. Still, it seems to have   her to perform. She returns in the third Bridget installment, “Bridget Jones’s Baby,” out Friday, Sept. 16, with a script written by Helen Fielding, the novelist who created the character, along with the “Borat”   Dan Mazer, and Emma Thompson, who also stars. “It was time” to return, Ms. Zellweger said in an interview in Santa Monica, Calif. near her home. And doing another Bridget “was a  . I was just so happy to be back in her world. ” But sightings of Ms. Zellweger over the last few years also stirred up intense scrutiny of her appearance, including stunned reactions to her seemingly changed look on a red carpet in 2014. A slew of think pieces, about the undue pressure on women’s beauty standards in Hollywood and beyond, and some less charitable commentary, followed. Ms. Zellweger eventually responded, in an August essay for The Huffington Post. “Not that it’s anyone’s business,” she wrote, “but I did not make a decision to alter my face and have surgery on my eyes. ” And she insisted that she did not follow the brouhaha over her looks, until she had to. She has no public presence on social media. “I don’t participate in it, and I don’t know what’s being said about me or other people until someone makes me aware of it,” she said. “And usually it’s an email, ‘I’m so sorry about  —   —  ’” In person, Ms. Zellweger was   and thoughtful, if reticent about discussing some of the latest turns in her career. But she remains dedicated to the work: She watched hours of birthing videos to prepare to play a pregnant Bridget. The character is now a television news producer, so Ms. Zellweger also trailed a British   producer for research. That made her realize “how important it is that the actor is not verbose,” she said, laughing. “I promised myself I would be very concise and quick with my answers from now on. ” These are edited excerpts from the conversation. Did stepping into Bridget’s shoes again feel familiar, or like a challenge because so much time has passed? Both. Familiar because the process is similar, and I feel like I know her pretty well, and a different kind of challenge because I’ve never had to show the ways in which a person evolves in her life and the ways in which she doesn’t. That’s my favorite stuff, by the way  —   that she just can’t help herself sometimes. She puts her foot in it, right? I love that she hasn’t refined her social graces I love that she still goes for it  —   even if she’s uncertain what the outcome might be. I love that she’s hopelessly romantic and optimistic. There were interesting conversations with Sharon Maguire, the director, about how [Bridget] might have gotten her life together  —   she’s a little bit more mature, she’s progressed professionally, moved into property ownership in London and has achieved her ideal weight. And still her life is a relative mess. I like the message in that: that we can tick off the boxes, and yet we still don’t quite have it together. And that’s pretty much the truth of growing up, isn’t it? You had that experience a bit. When did you realize that you wanted out of the Hollywood circuit? I don’t think anybody is born with the faculties to know how to navigate what comes with it. One of the things that I learned is that I didn’t know how to establish a healthy balance. I felt an obligation to say yes, whenever I was asked to do something on behalf of my work. And the years go by, and your family and friends understand that you have responsibilities, but they’re going to have the barbecue anyway, and the wedding anyway, and the baby’s having a birthday anyway. I just missed out on a lot of things. I needed to stop so I could reassess and figure out how to allow for myself in my own life. I needed to grow as a person in ways that didn’t revolve around my work. Were you nervous making that leap, taking a break? I think not doing it was more frightening. One thing that changed in your time away is that there is now a bigger platform for both criticism and support, via social media. A male critic for Variety wrote a review of the trailer for “Bridget Jones’s Baby,” in which he talked about your looks in a way that many people felt was sexist, and they didn’t hesitate to call him out for it. Did that response feel helpful or empowering? I’m grateful for that experience and that he chose to do what he did, because it brought me to a place where it was necessary that I stand up for myself. Which is not me. It’s not in my nature to publicly explain myself. And it was probably time. Were you surprised at the level of scrutiny your appearance received in the last few years? Was that a consideration in coming back? It’s always part of the equation  —   that’s been going on since 2000 [when she was cast as Bridget, a role for which she famously gained weight]. Too fat, and then I was too skinny and then   …     But I’m not alone in it it’s just part of the reality of this experience now. I’m not going to make my [career] decisions based on whether or not I’m going to have to tolerate that. Did you find, as many actresses do, that as you got older, the roles got more  ? I don’t think that’s specific to aging. There’s always been “the girlfriend,” “the indiscretion”  —   that’s always been in the mix. Is it something that I saw in the industry before I turned 40? Yeah. It’s rare to read a great story that a woman my age would find relatable anyway. But now it seems that there’s something else going on as well. There’s really an unprecedented reset happening in our business  —   a little bit of an identity crisis. Another thing that’s changed is a focus on pay equity in the business. Is that something that crossed your radar when working on any of the other Bridgets, versus now, getting paid as much as your male  ? I don’t think it occurred to me that that would be an issue  —   isn’t that sad? But in this instance, I don’t think it was an issue. In your Huffington Post essay, you talked about “doing better. ” What did you mean by that? It’s not about onscreen or famous people, it’s more about the precedent that we set, and I don’t speak about it from the perspective of an actress who has had certain experiences that aren’t necessarily fun, but as an observer, as part of society. You read about bullying and how we can stop kids from this   bullying and the catastrophic effects that it has, but we set the example. How can we ask them to make better choices when they’re just emulating what they see coming from us? Now that you’re back on this circuit, are there parts of it you’re going to treat differently, given your past experiences? It’s much easier for me to say no, because I understand that there are no consequences for saying no. “No” is an empowering word. I know that now.",0
19944,BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY – TruthFeed,Amy Moreno,"BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary’s mishandling of classified information. 
In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered “new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on “several devices.” 
Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. 
Mike Pence tweeted out a demand, calling on FBI officials to release ALL EMAILS before election day. We call on the FBI to immediately release all emails pertinent to their investigation. Americans have the right to know before Election Day. 
— Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 28, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",1
19945,March for Science Rebrands Earth Day Social Justice - Breitbart,Chriss W. Street,"The international “March for Science” appears to have   Earth Day, casting “social justice” as “science. ”[The Earth Day Network that owns the international rights to the annual    —   and celebration of Vladimir Lenin’s birth  —   artfully sought to rebrand its messaging by having protestors in 610 locations around the planet swap their   shirts for the patina of scientific truth associated with white lab coats.  The festivities began in the wee hours of April 22 in New Zealand, then followed the sun to circumnavigate the globe. The event’s blog reported 50 celebrants showed up at Antarctic research stations, and 2 very intrepid souls showed up in   degree weather at the North Pole. Although it seemed that the media in many locations outnumbered the demonstrators, San Francisco and Washinton, D. C. both produced about 5, 000 marchers. The March for Science website in January trumpeted, under “Diversity and Inclusion Principles“: “Colonization, racism, native rights, sexism, ableism,        econ justice are scientific rights. ” But as the event neared, the scientific communism of Marx and Engle’s Das Capital morphed into Principals and Goals: “Our wealth of personal experiences and perspectives is our greatest strength. In putting the people who do science at the forefront of this discussion, we can show that scientists come from all cultural backgrounds, belief systems, orientations, genders, and abilities. ” Honorary   Bill Nye the Science Guy said, “We march forward to ensure a better world for people all over the world. ” But he and Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) made it clear in their February Facebook Live “Conversation on Climate Change” that they believe all skeptics of climate change are suffering from cognitive dissonance. The most interesting coverage of the event came from Science magazine, which   the events with about 60 posts over 24 hours. Demonstrating the tenuous connection between the “March for Science” and actual scientists, the first April 22 speaker at the New Zealand event was leftist Green Party   James Shaw, who is a former accountant with no science background. Shaw said, “When politicians use their belief systems to override the facts, the scientific facts, we are all in for a whole world of hurt. ” Shaw then droned on about his social justice belief system that New Zealanders needed to stand up against the U. S. political discourse questioning climate change.",0
19946,Australia Legalizes Medical Marijuana Across The Entire Continent,Dikran Arakelian (noreply@blogger.com),"Share on Facebook Australia has made become the first entire continent to legalise marijuana, after their Parliament took a vote on Wednesday. Australia, with a population of around 23 million has followed several states in the U.S. and decided to decriminalise the use of marijuana. The amendments were made to their Narcotic Drugs Act,which means legal cannabis farms and the distribution of marijuana products will have to governments go-ahead. Sussan Ley, the Minister of Health , said in a statement “This is a historic day for Australia and the many advocates who have fought long and hard to challenge the stigma around medicinal cannabis products so genuine patients are no longer treated as criminals,"" she went on “This is the missing piece in a patient's treatment journey, and [we] will now see seamless access to locally produced medicinal cannabis products from farm to pharmacy.” The details have not been finalised just yet, but it is thought within the next few months patients with a prescription for medical marijuana will be allowed to start growing their crops. This is a huge leap for supporters of legalised marijuana across the world, and hopefully now other continents such as North America and Europe will do the same. Related:",1
19947,Hospitals in Safety Net Brace for Health Care Law’s Repeal - The New York Times,Abby Goodnough,"PHILADELPHIA  —   Jason Colston Sr. went to the emergency room at Temple University Hospital last month with his calf swollen to twice its normal size. A bacterial infection had entered his bloodstream, requiring him to spend nine days at Temple, where patients are overwhelmingly poor. Mr. Colston, 36, had no insurance through his job at a   but it turned out he was eligible for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Temple helped him enroll as soon as he was admitted, and Medicaid paid for his stay and continuing treatment. Before the health law, the hospital had to absorb the cost of caring for many uninsured patients like Mr. Colston. Now, with   Donald J. Trump and the   Congress vowing to dismantle the law, Temple and other hospitals serving the poor are bracing for harsh financial consequences that could have a serious effect on the care they provide. Since the election, hospitals have been among the loudest voices against wholesale repeal of the health law. In a letter to Mr. Trump and congressional leaders this month, the two biggest hospital trade groups warned of “an unprecedented public health crisis” and said hospitals stood to lose $165 billion through 2026 if more than 20 million people lose the insurance they gained under the law. They predicted widespread layoffs, cuts in outpatient care and services for the mentally ill, and even hospital closings. Here in Pennsylvania, where the health law has brightened the financial outlook of hospitals statewide, many are scrambling to assess how repeal would affect their bottom line and the patients they serve. The stakes are particularly high for   hospitals like Temple, but even more prosperous hospitals face uncertainty after investing in new ways to deliver care under the law. Temple executives estimate their system could lose as much as $45 million a year if the law were entirely repealed, which would return it to the losses it posted for years before the health law took effect. “We are the de facto community hospital in one of the poorest neighborhoods in the country,” said Robert Lux, the senior vice president, treasurer and chief financial officer of Temple University Health System, which includes two general hospitals and a cancer center. “Any kind of change like this would not only push Temple University Hospital into financial extremis, it would do the same thing for our entire system. ” Not far from Temple, Main Line Health, a nonprofit hospital system in the affluent Philadelphia suburbs, is far better positioned to weather the financial impact of repeal. While Temple has one of the poorest patient populations in the state  —   about half of its patients are on Medicaid  —   Main Line, which has an outpatient clinic in an upscale mall and another with a fitness center outfitted with filtered saltwater pools, has few Medicaid patients. Still, even hospitals serving affluent populations have reason to be nervous about a future without the health law. Main Line has invested substantially in response to the law’s push to base hospital pay on patient outcomes instead of the amount of medical services provided. Repealing the law would create uncertainty about the future of this new paradigm, which has forced hospitals to rethink how they deliver care. “I’m dreading the unpredictability,” said John J. Lynch III, Main Line’s president and chief executive. Over all, the health law has improved the financial outlook of Pennsylvania hospitals significantly, even though the state was a year late in expanding Medicaid. The former governor, Tom Corbett, a Republican, initially balked, and the program did not expand here until 2015. Still, hospital operating margins statewide increased to about 5. 5 percent on average in 2015, from 4. 25 percent in 2014, according to the Hospital and Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania. The amount of care provided to patients who cannot pay dropped by 8. 6 percent on average. North Philadelphia, where Temple is based, is among the poorest neighborhoods in the nation. Many of its residents live in deep poverty, a census designation that means their income is less than half the federal poverty level of $24, 300 for a family of four. That helps explain why Temple is so dependent on Medicaid revenue, and the high stakes of repeal here. Under the health law, hospitals that served a large number of poor and uninsured patients agreed to a series of funding cuts in exchange for getting far more patients with insurance coverage. Temple has lost about $11 million so far in these federal funds, known as disproportionate share payments, Mr. Lux said. But like other hospitals in the 31 states that expanded Medicaid under the law, it has made up that revenue in part through the Medicaid expansion. It recorded about 13, 000 more visits from patients with Medicaid coverage in 2015, the first year Pennsylvania expanded Medicaid eligibility, and at least as many this year. Still, Temple is barely turning a profit: It had operating income of $3. 6 million in the fiscal year that ended June 30, despite revenue of $1. 7 billion. “You still have a pretty fragile enterprise,” Mr. Lux said, noting that Medicaid pays hospitals and doctors far less than Medicare and private insurance. “Our current state of stability could be broken pretty quickly. ” So, too, could Temple’s efforts to connect its newly insured patients with preventive care instead of waiting until they show up in the emergency room with advanced, expensive illnesses. Dr. Robert McNamara, chairman of emergency medicine at the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University, said he had seen more than a few uninsured people arrive in the emergency room with kidney failure, needing costly dialysis for the rest of their lives because they had lived with high blood pressure for so long. Main Line Health’s financial picture is much stronger, and will most likely remain so even if the health law is repealed and replaced with a program that leaves far fewer people insured. Main Line ended the 2016 fiscal year with $106. 8 million in operating income and a 6. 5 percent operating margin, compared with Temple’s margin of 0. 2 percent. Still, Main Line has invested substantially in efforts to improve the care it provides its patients while lowering the cost, as the Affordable Care Act encourages. As with many hospitals across the country, these efforts  —   like preventing readmissions and focusing more heavily on primary care, especially for patients with chronic diseases  —   have caused the system’s inpatient population to drop. “As we decrease our volume, looking at providing care differently, that’s financially impacting us,” Mr. Lynch said. He added that over time, the law’s slowing of Medicare payment increases added up to “real money. ” The study commissioned by the hospital associations found that unless the annual increase in Medicare reimbursements is restored to what it was before the health law passed, hospitals will face additional losses of about $290 billion by 2026. In the end, though, Main Line’s far more robust revenue, because of its large number of commercially insured patients, all but guarantee it will not have to worry  —   for now  —   about cutting programs or plans. It is installing a new electronic records system and has spent $700 million renovating its hospitals over the last few years. “If you don’t have a strong payer mix or a healthy bottom line,” Mr. Lynch said, “it’s very difficult to do those things. ” One major question for Temple and other   hospitals is whether states would restore supplemental funds or programs that defrayed the cost of caring for the uninsured before the health law took effect. Pennsylvania, for example, paid for emergency medical care for certain   people who did not qualify for Medicaid. This allowed Temple to be paid for their inpatient care, but often not for the care they needed after being discharged. “We don’t know that that program would come back,” Mr. Lux said, adding that the program used to pay for about $23 million a year worth of care provided at Temple University Hospital. Mr. Colston, who was still returning daily to Temple for intravenous antibiotics a month after his discharge, would have qualified to have most of his inpatient costs met under the old   program. Paul Fabian, who received a double lung transplant at Temple last year after getting a subsidized private insurance policy from the Affordable Care Act marketplace, would not have qualified at all. Mr. Fabian, who suffered from emphysema and chronic lung failure, said he sold his truck to afford his $262 monthly premiums. “If you walk into the E. R. they have to help you,” Mr. Fabian, 61, said. “But if you have a condition like I had, what’s the hospital’s obligation?” Temple officials said that without insurance, Mr. Fabian would have had to endure a   waiting period to qualify for Medicare coverage for his disability. “We were finally in a situation where for most of our patients there was a coverage option,” said Anita Colon, Temple’s director of patient financial services, already speaking about the health law in the past tense. “Now there’s just a total unknown about what will be left. ”",0
19948,These 10 Photos Show What Happens When You Stop Drinking,Dikran Arakelian (noreply@blogger.com),"Share on Facebook “Everything in moderation” is a pretty good rule to live by, especially where alcohol is concerned. Too much booze can cause high blood pressure (hypertension), which increases the risk of a heart attack or stroke. It can also cause you to gain a bunch of excess pounds thanks to all the extra calories in alcohol (there's roughly 200 calories in a pint of beer and about 230 calories in 100 grams of vodka). When a heavy drinker gives up alcohol however, the physical metamorphosis is staggering. Take a look at these before and after pictures to see what we mean. Some of the people in the photographs are barely recognisable when compared alongside their former selves, and while some of them complemented quitting with exercise, the pictures nevertheless serve as a powerful reminder of what can happen when you party too hard.",1
19949,Actress Blasts Emma Watson’s ’Confusing’ Feminist Equality Campaign,Ben Kew,"Actress Talulah Riley has criticized feminist activist Emma Watson for leading a ‘confusing’ campaign on gender equality that seeks to eliminate differences between the sexes. [Riley, who rose to fame in the 2007 remake of St. Trinians, criticized Watson’s brand of feminism in conversation with The Daily Mail.  “Men and women should have equal rights, of course, but [they] are also different and there’s nothing wrong with that,” she said. “We don’t have to start unifying gender in order to establish political equality. ” The actress, who is twice divorced from the   business magnate Elon Musk, then took aim at Watson’s HeForShe campaign, claiming it promotes the idea of both genders being the same. “The HeForShe campaign creates a lot of confusion when it comes to gender equality, because people are getting stuck in a semantic argument, rather than addressing the actual issue. People are associating gender equality with being exactly the same and, of course, that’s not what it means,” she continued. The campaign, which was launched by Watson in 2014 following her speech on gender equality at the United Nations, seeks to eliminate gender equality by involving men in the feminist movement. Last week, Watson praised MTV for scrapping the channel’s yearly ‘Best Actress’ award in favor of a gender “ ” honor, describing it as “the first acting award in history that doesn’t separate nominees based on their sex. ” In March, Watson hit back at critics accusing her of promoting the objectification of women after she posed for a racy photo shoot in lifestyle magazine Vanity Fair. “Feminism is about giving women choice. Feminism is not a stick with which to beat other women with,” Watson told Reuters. “It’s about freedom. It’s about liberation. It’s about equality. I really don’t know what my t*ts have to do with it. It’s very confusing. I’m confused. Most people are confused. ”   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
19950,"Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ - The New York Times",Michiko Kakutani,"SOUTH AND WEST: FROM A NOTEBOOKBy Joan DidionForeword by Nathaniel Rich126 pages. Alfred A. Knopf. $21. In two dazzling collections of essays, “Slouching Towards Bethlehem” and “The White Album,” Joan Didion used her own experiences  —   and observations and anxieties  —   as a kind of index to the times, as America lurched through the convulsions of the 1960s and ’70s. The political pieces she later wrote for The New York Review of Books  —   beginning with the 1988 presidential campaign, on through the impeachment of Bill Clinton and the high drama of the 2000   in Florida  —   were less original, less idiosyncratic, but reading them in retrospect, they are oddly prophetic about the growing gap between the electorate and the political elites, and the growing dysfunction of the entire system. Her slender 2003 book, “Fixed Ideas: America Since 9. 11,” would be even more explicit about a “disconnect between the government and the citizens,” about how our political process not only spurns consensus but works by “turning the angers and fears and energy of the few” against “the rest of the country. ” No doubt Didion has now decided to publish “South and West,” two excerpts from her notebooks  —   written in the 1970s  —   because they similarly shed light on the current political moment. At a remove of more than four decades, she maps the divisions splintering America today, and uncannily anticipates some of the dynamics that led to the election of Donald J. Trump and caught so many political and media insiders unawares. The shorter entry is a meditation on California, the place Didion grew up and long called home. The more substantial piece is an account of a monthlong trip that she and her husband, John Gregory Dunne, took through the Deep South for a   assignment that her editors at Life magazine came to refer to as “The Mind of the White South. ” As bookends to each other, the pieces in this book give us two Americas, two ways of looking at history: the South, deep in the grip of the past  —   a place where many people are invested in holding onto ancient prerogatives of race and class and California, insistently focused on the future and the horizon  —   a place where the frontier ethos of shucking off roots is the one real tradition. It’s 1970, when the nation is being rocked by seismic cultural and political shifts, and yet Didion has the strange intuition here that the South, not California, would exert a gravitational pull over the rest of the country. She had “some dim and unformed sense,” which she could not explain coherently, “that for some years the South and particularly the Gulf Coast had been for America what people were still saying California was, and what California seemed to me not to be: the future, the secret source of malevolent and benevolent energy, the psychic center. ” Didion’s account of her travels from New Orleans and Biloxi, Miss. to Meridian, Miss. and Tuscaloosa, Ala. and onto Faulkner’s hometown, Oxford, Miss. makes it clear that she feels like an outsider there. Her notes lack the depth and understanding of J. D. Vance’s memoir, “Hillbilly Elegy,” which depicts the frustrations and anger of poor white communities from within. And while Didion’s estrangement sharpens her reportorial eye, it can curdle, at times, into condescension. Writing about high school gymnasiums in small Southern towns, she says she has “the sense of sports being the opiate of the people. ” And writing about a visit to two small towns in Alabama, she observes: “It seemed a good and hopeful place to live, and yet the pretty girls, if they stayed around Guin, would end up in the laundromat in Winfield, or in a trailer with the   on all night. ” What Didion does capture, powerfully, in this book is the insularity of many places in the South, and, by implication, how insular the elites (like herself) are in places like California and New York and Washington  —   a thought she would develop further in her essays in The New York Review of Books (collected in the 2001 volume “Political Fictions”) and in “Fixed Ideas. ” Here, she writes of   Southerners: “The isolation of these people from the currents of American life in 1970 was startling and bewildering to behold. All their information was   and mythicized in the handing down. Does it matter where Taos is, after all, if Taos is not in Mississippi?” There was a kind of “time warp” there, she says: “The Civil War was yesterday but 1960 is spoken of as if it were about 300 years ago. ” The people Didion interviewed or tried to interview tended to greet her questions with defensive remarks about the pace of change in the South, or with nostalgic and what can only be called racist talk about old ways of life. Although it was 1970, the attitudes Didion encountered can sometimes sound like those described by Harper Lee in “To Kill a Mockingbird,” set in 1930s Alabama. The chilling thing is, some of the attitudes about race and outsiders that Didion chronicles here also sound a lot like attitudes expressed by some Trump supporters during the 2016 campaign. The other reason that readers will find this volume so fascinating is that it shows Didion at work, as a writer and reporter, gathering details, jotting them down and running her observations through the typewriter of her mind. Even these hurriedly written notes shine with her trademark ability to capture mood and place. Of New Orleans in June, she writes: “The place is physically dark, dark like the negative of a photograph, dark like an  : The atmosphere absorbs its own light, never reflects light but sucks it in until random objects glow with a morbid luminescence. ” More than that, this book illuminates Didion’s later work, containing the seeds of both “Political Fictions” and her elliptical 2003 book on California and the West, “Where I Was From. ” It is weirdly prescient  —   pointing the way not only to where she would go as a writer but also a path the country would take in the years to come.",0
19951,"It’s Possible to Hack a Phone With Sound Waves, Researchers Show - The New York Times",John Markoff,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   A security loophole that would allow someone to add extra steps to the counter on your Fitbit monitor might seem harmless. But researchers say it points to the broader risks that come with technology’s embedding into the nooks of our lives. On Tuesday, a group of computer security researchers at the University of Michigan and the University of South Carolina will demonstrate that they have found a vulnerability that allows them to take control of or surreptitiously influence devices through the tiny accelerometers that are standard components in consumer products like smartphones, fitness monitors and even automobiles. In their paper, the researchers describe how they added fake steps to a Fitbit fitness monitor and played a “malicious” music file from the speaker of a smartphone to control the phone’s accelerometer. That allowed them to interfere with software that relies on the smartphone, like an app used to pilot a   toy car. “It’s like the opera singer who hits the note to break a wine glass, only in our case, we can spell out words” and enter commands rather than just shut down the phone, said Kevin Fu, an author of the paper, who is also an associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the University of Michigan and the chief executive of Virta Labs, a company that focuses on cybersecurity in health care. “You can think of it as a musical virus. ” The flaw, which the researchers found in more than half of the 20 commercial brands from five chip makers they tested, illustrates the security challenges that have emerged as robots and other kinds of digital appliances have begun to move around in the world. With dozens of   and large transportation companies pushing to develop   cars and trucks, undetected vulnerabilities that might allow an attacker to remotely control vehicles are an unnerving possibility. Still, computer security researchers said the discovery was not a    bug but rather a revealing window into the cybersecurity challenges inherent in complex systems in which analog and digital components can interact in unexpected ways. “The whole world of security is about unintended interactions,” said Paul Kocher, a cryptographer and a former executive at the chip company Rambus. Accelerometers are instruments that measure acceleration and are frequently manufactured as silicon   devices known as microelectromechanical systems, or MEMS. Accelerometers are used for navigating, for determining the orientation of a tablet computer and for measuring distance traveled in fitness monitors such as Fitbits. In the case of the toy car, the researchers did not actually compromise the car’s microprocessor, but they controlled the car by forcing the accelerometer to produce false readings. They exploited the fact that a smartphone application relies on the accelerometer to control the car. While toy cars might seem like trivial examples, there are other, darker possibilities. If an accelerometer was designed to control the automation of insulin dosage in a diabetic patient, for example, that might make it possible to tamper with the system that controlled the correct dosage. Dr. Fu has researched the cybersecurity risks of medical devices, including a demonstration of the potential to wirelessly introduce fatal heart rhythms into a pacemaker. He said the current research was inspired by a discussion in his group about a previous study in which drones were disabled with music. He added that earlier research demonstrated    attacks that used sound to disable accelerometers. In 2014, security researchers at Stanford University demonstrated how an accelerometer could be used surreptitiously as a rudimentary microphone, for example. And in 2011, a group from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Georgia Institute of Technology demonstrated the use of an accelerometer in a smartphone to decode roughly 80 percent of the words being typed on a nearby computer keyboard by capturing vibrations from the keyboard. In the case of the research by the University of Michigan and the University of South Carolina, scientists stopped the accelerometer from functioning and changed its behavior. In testing 20 accelerometer models from five manufacturers, they affected the information or output from 75 percent of the devices tested and controlled the output in 65 percent of the devices. The Department of Homeland Security was expected to issue a security advisory alert Tuesday for chips produced by the semiconductor companies documented in the paper, Dr. Fu said. The five chip makers were Analog Devices, Bosch, InvenSense, Murata Manufacturing and STMicroelectronics. The paper, which will be presented at the IEEE European Symposium on Security and Privacy in Paris next month, also documents hardware and software changes manufacturers could make to protect against the flaws the researchers discovered.",0
19952,Comment on Johnson & Johnson Ordered To Pay $72 Million In Another Ovarian Cancer Case Caused By Baby Powder by JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $72 MILLION IN ANOTHER OVARIAN CANCER CASE CAUSED BY BABY POWDER – View Point,JOHNSON &amp; JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $72 MILLION IN ANOTHER OVARIAN CANCER CASE CAUSED BY BABY POWDER – View Point,"advertisement - learn more 
This is one out of several cases raising concerns about the health consequences of using regular talcum powder use. Approximately 1,000 more cases have been filed in Missouri state court, and another 200 in New Jersey, but this may well be the tip of the iceberg. 
As Global News reports: “The jury ruling ended the trial that began Sept. 26 in the case brought by Deborah Giannecchini of Modesto, California. She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2012. The suit accused Johnson & Johnson of “negligent conduct” in making and marketing its baby powder.” 
Unfortunately, a statement from Carol Goodrich, a spokeswoman with Johnson & Johnson, said in the statement to Global: “We deeply sympathize with the woman and families impacted by ovarian cancer…We will appeal today’s verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of Johnson’s Baby Powder.” advertisement - learn more Obviously, if these are the decisions being made by a court of law, there is ample amounts of science and evidence suggesting the baby powder was indeed the cause. Earlier in the year, a decision was made last by a Missouri state jury that awarded the family of Jacqueline Fox $10-million of actual damages and $62 million of punitive damages. In this case, we saw the exact same response from the company as the case noted above. These cases show how people are using something they thought was perfectly safe, but clearly wasn’t. One of the most painful revelations, as Bloomberg notes, is that: In the 1990s, even as the company acknowledged concerns in the health community, it considered increasing its marketing efforts to black and Hispanic women, who were already buying the product in high numbers. Fox was black. The jury foreman, Krista Smith, says internal documents provided the most incriminating evidence: ‘It was really clear they were hiding something.’ She wanted to award the Fox family even more. Imerys Talc America, the biggest talc supplier in the country and the sole source of the powder for J&J, was also named as a defendant. The company wasn’t found liable. The ‘scientific evidence’ to which she refers clearly have not withstood the scrutiny of either this trial or concerned members of the public; it also fails to account for who funded the research. Her remark also makes plain a disturbing trend amongst big corporations, which is the blind trust of their employees. Many clearly believe what they are told about the products they represent, without questioning or doing their own independent research. Scientific fraud induced by major corporations in this field is no secret, and various medical experts around the world have been speaking out against it for decades. Dr. Richard Horton, current Editor-in-Chief of The Lancet , one of the largest medical journals in the world, has publicly and unequivocally called out the scientific community for this negligence and outright fraud: The case against science is straightforward: much of the scientific literature, perhaps half, may simply be untrue. Afflicted by studies with small sample sizes, tiny effects, invalid exploratory analyses, and flagrant conflicts of interest, together with an obsession for pursuing fashionable trends of dubious importance, science has taken a turn towards darkness. ( source ) The sheer volume of statements from very credible people, along with the documents and evidence, attesting to this disturbing trend, is simply overwhelming. (You can find more information and view more examples/statements in an article we recently published about anti-depressant drugs here .) Yet the unfortunate reality is that employees of these big corporations stand behind their products, working under the assurances of corporately-funded science which, obviously, has profit in mind rather than safety. This is a widespread and alarming problem, and it’s great to see more people raise their voice against these shady practices. Dr. Marcia Angell, a physician and longtime Editor-in-Chief of the New England Medical Journal (NEMJ), is another such professional to do so: It is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published, or to rely on the judgment of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines. I take no pleasure in this conclusion, which I reached slowly and reluctantly over my two decades as an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine. ( source ) It’s no secret that many household products are toxic to our health. Science has been confirming their dangers for years now (not that many of us needed this confirmation); these products are literally littered with a number of hazardous harmful chemicals. Researchers in the UK, for example, found that domestic products such as anti-insect sprays, deodorants, cleaning products, cosmetics, and more contain a number of cancer causing chemicals. The researchers, from the Royal College of Physicians and the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, who concluded that these types of everyday household products maybe be contributing to 100,000 deaths every single year in Europe, warn that the public remains unaware of these risks. Another example of an insider speaking out against the industry is Foster Gamble, the direct descendant of one of the founders of Procter & Gamble (a company similar to Johnson & Johnson). He himself explains that he was groomed for the establishment, but his ethical concerns prompted him to change direction. To the left you will see a picture of him with Gerald Ford. Foster decided to leave the business and instead raise awareness about many issues, including the hazards associated with everyday household products that the corporations like his father’s manufacture. He’s had an interesting life to say the least, and you can watch a documentary he released a few years ago here . 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",1
19953,Son Gains 22lbs To Save His Dying Father’s Life By Donating Bone Marrow,Arnold Monteverde (noreply@blogger.com),"If someone told me to gain 22 pounds in two months, I’d point to the picture of Zac Efron looking all shredded on my workstation and explain, tearfully, how disappointed he’d be in me, and that I just couldn’t do it.

And that’s even if someone told me I had to do it to save my father’s life.

Thankfully, 8-year-old Cao Yinpeng didn’t hesitate for a second when he discovered he’d need to gain 22lbs to donate bone marrow to his dying father.


Yinpeng’s father was struck with leukemia and doctors only gave him six months to live. Cao wanted to donate immediately, but there were two health laws in China that prohibited him from undergoing the procedure that his father desperately needed.

Bone marrow donors in China must be between the ages of 18 and 45 and weigh at least 99lbs.


Doctors will occasionally make exceptions for younger family members, but Cao was still too underweight for the medical professionals to safely extract his bone marrow to save his father’s life.

With no other suitable candidates available for his father, Yinpeng vowed to give his father a chance at life, as his father had done for him.


Now that’s how you raise a child.


Distractify 
SOURCE ",1
19954,"Istanbul, Donald Trump, Boris Johnson: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",Karen Workman and Sandra Stevenson,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. More fallout from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union: Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London and a “Brexit” supporter widely seen as the top candidate to take over the Conservative Party and succeed Prime Minister David Cameron, has decided not to run. Michael Gove, the justice secretary who recently said he didn’t have the talent or desire to become prime minister, is officially in the race. He’ll face Theresa May, the home secretary, and several other candidates vying for the position. The vote may threaten London’s days as the world’s financial capital. _____ 2. The Brexit decision by British voters was partly motivated by anxiety about immigration, and in the United States, Donald J. Trump has called for a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants. But there is a country where the government can hardly keep up with the demand to welcome refugees: Canada. Citizens are banding together and essentially adopting families, which they’ve been doing by the thousands. _____ 3. The deadly attack on Istanbul’s main airport, above, was carried out by three suicide bombers from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, Turkish officials said. The government has blamed Islamic State militants for the attack on Tuesday. If the group is responsible, it would be the first time any   members have attacked a major Western target  —   and would indicate that Turkey is no longer protected from the group’s violence. One of the victims killed was in Turkey to find and save his son from ISIS. _____ 4. Republicans are raising questions about a meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, saying it could compromise the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email practices. Ms. Lynch said Mr. Clinton walked uninvited from his plane to her government plane on Monday to say hello, but that the two did not discuss any cases. But Republican lawmakers said the meeting was troubling. _____ 5. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in what may be the first death involving a   car. Federal regulators, who have opened an investigation, say the car was driving in “autopilot” mode when it crashed into a   at a Florida intersection on May 7. _____ 6. Adnan Syed, whose murder trial was featured on the podcast “Serial,” will get a new trial, a judge in Maryland ruled on Thursday. The inmate’s conviction for the 1999 killing of his   gained widespread attention after his case was featured in the first season of the podcast. Mr. Syed, who was serving a life sentence, had long maintained his innocence. _____ 7. Chris Christie for vice president? The governor of New Jersey, who has become one of Donald J. Trump’s most influential advisers, is being vetted as a possible running mate. Meanwhile, Mr. Trump’s promise to crack down on trade agreements that hurt American jobs has highlighted the fact that, as a businessman, he had relied on and benefited from the same type of cheap foreign labor that he now scorns. _____ 8. Transgender people can now serve openly in the U. S. armed forces. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, above, lifted the Pentagon’s ban on Thursday, continuing a transformation of the military. An analysis of federal and state data has doubled the number of transgender adults in the U. S. putting the new estimate at about 1. 4 million people. _____ 9. If this weekend brings a lot of lamenting about noisy fireworks, take comfort: Quiet firework displays will maybe, one day, become a thing. In parts of Europe, it already is. The quiet displays can be more colorful, but alas, they are not big enough to entertain a large audience. They’ve not made their way to the U. S. yet, so for the time being, keep covering your ears. _____ 10. Perhaps a bowl of Kellogg’s Corn Flakes with a little lemon zest dusted on top will be a good value at $7. 50. Perhaps it won’t. As the breakfast food continues to fall out of favor, Kellogg’s is hoping a boutique cafe in Times Square that serves cereal, but with garnishes like green tea powder, will get people to look differently at the flakes and oats. Be prepared to pay Manhattan prices, though. _____ 11. Let’s do some math. If the average American spends 10 hours and 39 minutes a day consuming various types of media on various types of devices, how much time does that leave him or her for other things  —   like work, sleep or maybe sitting for a meal? A Nielsen study, which indicates that Americans really, really love television, doesn’t answer that question. But, whatever, that “Game of Thrones” finale was worth it. _____ 12. Leila. Liina. Lily. (Their last name is Luik.) The three sisters from Estonia, who call themselves the Trio for Rio, are believed to be the first triplets to qualify for the Olympics. The marathon contenders didn’t even begin running seriously until six years ago, when they were 24. “We show that it is never too late to start a professional career,” Liina Luik said. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19955,Economic upgrade: Russia receives multiple endorsements for rapidly improving business conditions,nan,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 16:35 UTC © UPI.com Successful eurobond sale in September, credit upgrade by Fitch, and sharp improvement in World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking, all confirm effectiveness of Russian government's economic policies, amidst strengthening recovery. As economic recovery in Russia continues to gain hold, Russia has received authoritative endorsement both for its successful macroeconomic policies and for its rapidly improving business conditions. The US credit rating agency Fitch on 14th October 2016 upgraded Russia's rating from BBB- (negative) to BBB- (stable). Normally I pay no attention to ratings decisions by US credit rating agencies, which have been proved repeatedly wrong, and which in Russia's case are blatantly politicised. Back in 2015, during the worst period of the recession, I pointed out how obviously and completely wrong the decisions of the US credit rating agencies to downgrade Russia's credit rating at that time were. The market clearly agrees with me. Fitch's Russia rating is only just investment grade, whilst those of S&P and Moody's actually give Russia a junk rating. In spite of this - and as I predicted - Russia's last eurobond issue in September was six times oversubscribed, with almost the entirety of the issue on this occasion sold to US investors . Even the Western financial media has been finally forced to admit that Russia's latest eurobond issue was a success . If I refer to Fitch's latest upgrade of Russia's rating, it is not because I agree with Fitch's rating of Russia (I don't) but because of what Fitch has to say about Russia's economic policy ""Russia has implemented a coherent and credible policy response to the sharp fall in oil prices. A flexible exchange rate, inflation targeting, fiscal consolidation and financial sector support have allowed the economy to adjust and domestic confidence to return gradually. The strength and quality of the policy response stands out relative to those of other oil producers similarly affected by the oil price shock. (bold italics added) In other words Russia has responded to the oil price fall intelligently and successfully - more so than have the other oil producers. In his State of the Union address of 20th January 2015 US President Obama famously gloated ""today, it is America that stands strong and united with our allies, while Russia is isolated with its economy in tatters."" Judging by the success of its latest eurobond issue, and the credit upgrade Russia has just been given by Fitch, neither the market nor even Fitch agree with him. Meanwhile Russia's World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking continues its rapid rise. In 2011 Russia's ranking was 123 in the survey out of 183. By 2014 it had risen to 62 out of 189, by 2015 to 51 out of 189, and in this year's survey it has risen again to 40 out of 190. When I discussed last year's survey I made the point that the dramatic improvement in Russia's World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking is simply incompatible with Russia being the corrupt kleptocracy of the West's imagination ""In corrupt kleptocratic oligarchies courts do not function efficiently, contracts are not performed and enforced, rights of minority shareholders are not protected, and people are not able to register their property easily and do not pay their taxes."" Comment: Putin's record for fighting corruption is world-class but the Western media will never tell you I also pointed out that the rapid improvement of Russia's World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking proves that the claim that Russia is not ""reforming"" its economy is quite simply wrong. Russia is not only continuously reforming its economy, but it is doing so successfully "" the demand for more and more ""reforms"" simply ignores the fact that reforms are in fact being carried out. Anyone who reads through the World Bank's annual surveys will see that they are all about ""reforms"". It is precisely because Russia is carrying out ""reforms"" that its ranking is rising so fast. To be clear, modernising the court system, introducing a new bankruptcy law, simplifying procedures for connecting to the electricity supply, and passing laws on registering property and on administering bankruptcy, are reforms. They may lack the drama of breaking up Gazprom, but academic research, historical experience and the World Bank all say the same thing: it is these sort of unexciting reforms that in the end are the ones that make a difference and which produce results. In other words Russia is reforming, and it is doing so successfully, in a methodical and purposeful way. Doing so requires hard work and unremitting attention to detail. The Russian authorities deserve credit for successfully doing it, not the criticism for doing nothing that they normally get."" I also made an extended point about what Russia's ranking in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business survey says about the overall level of Russia's society and economy. The continued advance in Russia's ranking to 40th in the world shows that this point remains valid, so I reproduce it here in full ""The second point is that if one looks at what sort of countries now outrank Russia in the survey, it turns out that they are - broadly speaking - the three Asian industrial giants: Japan, Taiwan and South Korea, the two Asian city states of Hong Kong and Singapore, and the traditional and well established industrialised societies of the West: the US, the three rich countries of the British commonwealth (Canada, Australia and New Zealand) and most (though not all) the states of the EU - in sum what was once called ""the first world"". If one removes the one indicator where Russia scores especially badly, Trading Across Borders - for which there are special reasons (see above) - Russia becomes even more clearly aligned with these ""first world"" countries rather than with those countries that make up what used to be called ""the third world"". The Russian government's target is to achieve 20th place in the World Bank's ease of doing business survey by 2018. That may be too optimistic, though it is worth pointing out that the target for this year was 50th, which Russia only missed by one place. If Russia does achieve a ranking of 20th in the world by 2018 then it will be right in the middle of the ""first world"" group of countries rather than just outside it. At that point it will also have one of the best business climates in the world. Even if Russia does not achieve 20th position by 2018, the pace of improvement in the rankings is so fast it suggests Russia will break in fully in terms of quality of its business climate into the list of ""first world"" countries before long."" Inevitably, as Russia's position in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business survey has rapidly improved, some commentators both in the West and Russia have cast doubt on the survey, even though its methodology is rigorous (originating apparently with Harvard University) and even though it is based on thorough field work. Needless to say these are the same commentators who regularly cited the survey when Russia's ranking in it was poor. There is in fact no reason to think the rapid rise in Russia's position in the survey does not reflect actual business conditions. As I said in my discussion of last year's survey, its results were anecdotally confirmed to me in a meeting I had with a group of local businessmen in Perm. A far more authoritative person has now come forward and said the same thing. This is German Gref, the single individual who is perhaps best informed about conditions for businesses in Russia because he is the CEO of Sberbank, Russia's biggest bank, which is the national (as opposed to local) bank that small businesses in Russia are most likely to look to for credit. Gref stands politically at the farthest liberal end of the spectrum of Russia's political and economic establishment, and he is far from shy about criticising the government, which he does frequently. Yet in a meeting with Putin on 4th August 2016 he confirmed the improvement in business conditions in Russia ""I think that the environment that we will have in place by the end of 2016, when all of the legal amendments take effect, will mean that Russia will be offering one of the most interesting and technologically convenient environments for small businesses. "" (bold italics added) Because of the extremely poor relations between the West and Russia, Russia's economy and its economic management are continuously and relentlessly criticised in a way which plays well to Western prejudice but which grossly distorts understanding of the country and its government. Russia's highly conservative macroeconomic policies emphasising tight budget discipline (the federal budget deficit at the peak of the recession was 3% of GDP, roughly the same as that of the US and below that of Britain during their 'recoveries', with the Russian government planning to cut the deficit by 1% of GDP over each coming year), low taxes (income tax is levied at a flat rate of 13%), high real interest rates (currently around 4% above inflation), open financial markets, low debt (government debt in Russia is 17.7% of GDP compared to 104% in the US, 229% in Japan, 89% in Britain, 96% in France and 71% in Germany), low external debt (roughly 20% of Russia's GDP, compared to 114% of the US's, 570% of Britain's, 220% of France's, 145% of Germany's and 60% of Japan's) and floating exchange rate, have in reality enabled Russia - as Fitch says - to adjust rapidly and very successfully to the fall in oil prices. At the same time the rapid improvement in business conditions shown by the rapid rise of Russia's ranking in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business survey shows that Russia is also working hard and successfully at getting its microeconomic conditions right. In other words the people who run Russia's economy know their job and by and large they do it well. That does not mean they are infallible. In my opinion interest rates are far too high, with the 4% inflation target for next year in danger of becoming a fetish. However compared to the appalling mismanagement one sees elsewhere, far from being the collapsing kleptocratic empire of Western fancy, Russia looks like an island of stability and good sense.",1
19956,When the Boss Is Half Your Age - The New York Times,Joanne Kaufman,"Christine Sabo had three decades of   experience behind her when, three years ago, she was hired as the vice president for major giving at a nonprofit in South Florida. But right about the time Ms. Sabo came aboard, the chief executive had accepted a new position elsewhere. The replacement in the top slot: a   . “The way he operated was classic for that age group: I would get texts and emails any time day and night,” recalled Ms. Sabo, now 59. “If I said I had 30 years in the profession, he hated that. He would say: ‘I don’t want to hear how long you’ve been in the field. I don’t care how long you’ve done this or that. ’” The new boss seemed to be sending the message that the way Ms. Sabo approached   and development was out of date. “At the end of the day, it felt like, ‘You need to come into the new millennium,’’’ she said. “I used to chuckle and wonder what kind of relationship he had with his mother. ” Despite her growing discomfort, she tried to do her job and avoid conversation or confrontation with the boss  —   who first demoted her, then fired her. “He told me that I wasn’t hitting my goals, but that’s not true,” said Ms. Sabo, who has a new job and an older boss. “I think it was that we butted heads. Some of it was style, but some of it was generational. ” Companies these days are looking to fill the management ranks with people who are “digital natives,” which frequently translates to millennials and Gen  . Meanwhile, more baby boomers are staying on the job longer, and some retirees, looking for a second act, are rejoining the ranks of the employed, at least part time. Consequently, the odds are increasing that older workers will be answering to managers young enough to be their children. A 2014 Harris Interactive survey on behalf of CareerBuilder, a job recruitment website, found that 38 percent of American workers had a younger boss, up from 34 percent in 2012. “Obviously, there have always been younger people in the work force, but in the past, younger workers were on the lower floors and older workers were executives on the upper floors and in the executive dining room,” said Jill Chapman, a senior performance consultant with Insperity, a personnel management firm. But because younger workers now have the advantage in sheer numbers, “there are more opportunities for them to move into management roles,” Ms. Chapman continued. “They’re in their 30s, and they’ve had lots of experience because of internships we older workers gave them when they were in high school and college. They had those experiences, and they had the chops for exec positions at an earlier age. ” If older workers have difficulty adjusting, there’s a good reason: It goes against the natural order that the subordinate would have several decades on the supervisor. “Research shows that older workers are not as responsive to that younger boss, because they feel he or she shouldn’t be in that position,” said Orlando Richard, an associate professor of management at the University of Texas at Dallas, who recently completed a study on status incongruence. There are implications for the organization, too. “The older workers with younger bosses are less committed to the company,” Professor Richard said. “They’re not as engaged in the job. If they’re close to retirement, they may not leave, but they may not work as hard. ” Of course, there are plenty of older workers who continue to give the job their all, even though they now report to someone who thinks of Nirvana as an oldies band. The way they see it, though, that younger boss sure doesn’t make it easy. Faye Keller, a public affairs specialist in the health care field in Salt Lake City, was 60 when she got a boss who was half her age. “At the beginning, I wasn’t too concerned  —   I was ready to look for his strengths,” Ms. Keller said But then she started being excluded from certain meetings. At those meetings she did attend, “I’d say something, and my boss would respond ‘yeah, ’ and move on to another topic. ” Colleagues closer to her boss’s age were invited to hang out in his office. “I felt ostracized,” said Ms. Keller, who is now 64. She also felt micromanaged. “I would go out of the building to meet with prospective clients, and when I explained that I was trying to develop relationships, he would tell me I could do it over the phone and through email,” Ms. Keller said. “I don’t believe I’m old school in my ideas, but I think face to face is essential in building successful relationships, and he didn’t value that. ” The boss stayed she went. There are challenges on both sides of the   workplace divide. Older workers may feel they’ve lost their shot at running the show, and younger workers may feel their older subordinates just can’t wait for them to mess up, said David Stillman, an author of the new book “Gen Z @ Work. ” The  : his son, Jonah, 17, perhaps a future younger boss. Further, older workers, accustomed to the parental role, may reflexively offer advice to younger bosses who chafe at the effrontery. “They’ll say, ‘In my day   …    ’ implying ‘your day is wrong,’” Mr. Stillman said. For their part, some younger bosses act as though the world began only when they arrived on the scene, “which makes older workers feel that their own considerable experience doesn’t matter,” Mr. Stillman added. Older workers may be made to feel that they’re dinosaurs. Younger bosses may think that, yeah, the older worker is kind of a dinosaur. “My social media skills and computer skills weren’t up to par,” Ms. Keller said. “I’m willing to admit that. ” Some companies are making efforts to address the issue. ATT, for example, offers supervisors a   course, “Managing the   Workforce,” which “helps prepare them to effectively communicate with and motivate their direct reports,” said Jan Rasmussen, a company spokeswoman. And not every older worker feels marginalized or unappreciated, nor does every younger boss feel disdainful and misunderstood. “I don’t look at age  —   I look at business intelligence,” said Valentino Lanoce, 54, the regional director of operations for the restaurant chain Verts Mediterranean Grill, who reports to the company’s founders, Dominik Stein, 29, and Michael Heyne, 32. “Dominik and Michael respect my experience in the industry, and they’ll ask for my opinion and advice. It’s very collaborative. ” Mr. Lanoce said that his interview with Mr. Stein and Mr. Heyne “was like sitting with mature officers of a company. ” He said: “They’re disciplined and professional. Otherwise, I never would have left where I was to come and work with them. ” When talking about her tour of duty at O’Connell  Goldberg, a public relations firm in Hollywood, Fla. Karen Dennis, 60, likes to invoke “The Intern,” the 2015 comedy that starred Robert De Niro as an unpaid septuagenarian assistant to a much younger chief executive. Ms. Dennis, a former administrative social worker and marketing consultant, had always wanted to work for a P. R. agency  —   badly enough to work without pay. Nine years ago, through a connection, she got her chance at O’Connell  Goldberg. “Social media was starting to emerge, and I was so lacking in skills,” Ms. Dennis said. She clearly learned quickly. After nine months, she was offered a paid position her boss, Barbara Goldberg, a founder of the company, was 10 years her junior. “There’s a great work ethic with older workers,” Ms. Goldberg said. “They come on time, and they stay, and they’re  . They also avoid petty drama, because this isn’t their first time at the rodeo. ” Ms. Goldberg said that Ms. Dennis filled an important role: “Karen was so nurturing and motherly to the younger employees  —   she had the time and patience, and I didn’t. ” But there were some tensions. “As a    I tended to step back and assess a situation,” Ms. Dennis said. “When you’re that age, you don’t see jumping in as being to your best advantage, because you haven’t yet seen the whole picture. ” Her boss’s philosophy, on the other hand, was “jump in. ” Ms. Dennis remembers being part of a conference call with a new client. She was silent throughout the conversation, and afterward, was yanked into Ms. Goldberg’s office. “Barbara told me, ‘I need to hear from you,’” Ms. Dennis said. “And I responded, ‘I didn’t have anything to say.’ I wanted to understand the dynamics of the other team before I spoke. I promised that on the next call, I would be more forceful and part of the conversation  —   and I was. ” “It’s a dance you do,” added Ms. Dennis, who was with the firm for more than six years before leaving to freelance she remains close to Ms. Goldberg. “It’s like marriage,” Ms. Dennis said. “My boss would say, ‘This is what I want,’ and I would say, ‘This is what I can do. ’” As in many new relationships, there’s a struggle to find a way. Diversity issues have long been a part of the terrain, and “there are all these hangups at first,” said Ms. Chapman of Insperity. It was a similar dynamic, she said, when women were coming into the work force. “It’s something we have to work through, and we have to figure out how to make it work,” Ms. Chapman said.",0
19957,Tradesman keeps promise,Guest,"October 27, 2016 
Ivy Pollard, 73, from the backend of Brighton was all set for a binge-watching session of her favourite TV series when the tradesman who said he would arrive between 7am and Midday arrived between 7am and Midday. 
‘I’d just finished skinning up the first spliff of the day when the miracle took place’ she said. ‘There was this unexpected knock at the door which I was hoping would be the new clown costume and accessories that I ordered 3 weeks ago!’ 
‘But it wasn’t! It was the guy from Swirlpool! The one thing I wasn’t expecting! Someone actually doing what they said they were going to do! The only time I experience that level of follow-through is on the toilet, or in my pull-ups, but even that doesn’t happen all that often.’ 
‘It was all a bit embarrassing actually, because there wasn’t anything wrong with the oven yet. The warranty had just expired so I knew it was only a matter of time. I thought I was being clever by booking an engineer straight away, confident that by the time he turned up, there would be something wrong with it.’ 
‘Mind you, he didn’t mind. It turns out he’s a big Game of Thrones fan as well. So we had a smoke and cracked on with the show. We had a jolly old day in the end, much to the chagrin of the other customers he was scheduled to see that day, but, then again, that’s tradesmen for you.’ Jodster",1
19958,Charlie Rose: There Has Been ’A Season’ of ’Coarse Political Rhetoric’ Like ’Lock Her Up’ - Breitbart,Ian Hanchett,"During CBS’ coverage of the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice, anchor Charlie Rose stated, “people talk about things like ‘lock her up,’ and we saw some of the most crude political language that we’d heard.   …     This has been a season of sort of coarse political rhetoric. ”  Rose said, “[W]e saw during the time that members went back home, because of some of the debates in Congress, they were particularly raucous town meetings, not about threats to their lives, but clearly, the level in combativeness was more apparent than ever. ” He later added, after Congressional Correspondent Nancy Cordes said that it can be difficult for members of Congress to tell who is merely exercising their free speech rights and someone who has the intent of committing violence, “Clearly, we saw that during the campaign, which people talk about things like ‘lock her up,’ and we saw some of the most crude political language that we’d heard, even though there’s a long history of political attacks in American politics since the Founding Fathers. We did see expressions that we had not heard before. This has been a season of sort of coarse political rhetoric. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
19959,Links 11/9/16,Yves Smith,"Tesco Bank cyber raid ‘unprecedented’, says financial regulator Guardian (Bill B)