2236,What It’s Like To Live In Kiev After Marrying A Ukrainian Woman,GrahamSeibert,"Suppose you are one of those adventurous Americans who meets and marries a beautiful foreign woman. You are the envy of all your friends. What next?
You can bring her back home to the United States or Europe. The guys will be jealous, the women will feel threatened. And your bride will be a fish out of water—for a while. But it doesn’t take them long to get established. She will find a group of her countrywomen, other Thais, Vietnamese or Ukrainians. They will teach her the ropes. Where to go shopping for the kind of groceries she needs. The most efficient way to send money to her relatives back home. Where her fellow countrymen hang out. And, oh yes! They will also learn American culture. Their friends will explain about American men and American divorce law. And that is where the trouble starts.
My Vietnamese war bride, an upscale Frenchified thing, informed me after just over a year of marriage, after I had helped her family escape Saigon, that “A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.” When the inevitable the divorce came she refused a reasonable settlement offer and hired a junkyard dog lawyer to fight it in court. Losing, she was shocked to discover that that offer was off the table.
Keep your woman in her own country, where she is comfortable and where the culture is more likely to appreciate men. You make the adjustment to her culture instead of vice versa. Why? American culture is about the most poisonous in the world. Almost anything is better. Countries that haven’t been indoctrinated in feminism and cultural Marxism still value children and respect a woman’s role in bearing them and raising them. They also respect a man’s role as the breadwinner and head of the family.
I committed myself to Ukraine nine years ago, met my wife seven years ago and our son appeared five years ago. It is worth enumerating the many ways in which it is a pleasure to be living with her and raising him in Kyiv instead of the USA.
1. Kyiv is a beautiful and lively city Beautiful architecture – Andreevska Church
Kyiv is a worthy capital city. It has millennium-long history studded with cathedrals and other exquisitely crafted monuments. There are many, many targets for a tourist camera. The walled city was built to be defensible, situated atop a steep bluff on the right bank of the Dnieper River close to where the Desno River joins from the east, 20 miles south of where another major tributary, the Pripyat, flows in from the west. From their capital in Kyiv the Viking princes could easily sally out in their long boats to the Black Sea or anywhere in Western Russia.
The sandy river beaches are good for swimming from June to September and for fishing any time it isn’t frozen. One can rent kayaks and rowboats or take a river cruise in the warmer months. When it does freeze it is dotted with ice fishermen. All it takes is a saw, some bait, a line and the anti-freeze of one’s choice. There are bicycle paths along the river and on the islands in the middle of the river. The city is experiencing a surge in the number of bicycle commuters.
The Soviet system had its good points. They housed everybody in high-rise apartments. It may not be as attractive as detached houses, but it makes for a very compact city. Those people needed places to breathe and exercise, so the city is full of parks. As compact as Kyiv is, it is, with most people living in apartment blocks, it easy to get around. Every place in the city is within walking distance of a convenience store of some sort, and restaurants and shopping centers are usually within a walk or a short bus ride.
Young people the world over want to live in the city, and Kyiv is no exception. It has lots of bars, cafés and nightclubs. The trends are toward sushi and Italian food. Ukraine is traditional enough that young people even go to church. There are Orthodox churches in every neighborhood, and a handful of English-speaking congregations scattered throughout the city.
Kyiv is home to Ukraine’s most famous universities, Shevchenko University, Kyiv-Mohyla Academy and Kyiv Polytechnic Institute. These are their Harvard, Yale and MIT — an extraordinarily high percentage of business and government leaders have graduated from them. They know each other. As in the United States, just being admitted to these universities is a sign of intelligence and talent. For a foreigner, getting to know these elites is a lot easier than getting to know Ivy Leaguers in the United States.