2335,Andrew Maguire,King World News,"140230 Views November 12, 2016 BROADCAST King World News 
For those who would like to get more information about Maguire’s trading service and/or sign up CLICK HERE or email King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Andrew Maguire: Whistleblower, Independent London Metals Trader & Analyst – Andrew has 35 years trading experience, both as an institutional and independent trader. He is an accomplished veteran of the markets. In 2010 Andrew Maguire went public in an exclusive King World News interview and disclosed his notification to the United States regulators at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) of fraud being committed and price manipulation in the international gold and silver markets. This put him at the center of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries, banks and government leaders. About Us – Andrew Maguire Gold Trading, is a trading name of Goldstar Global Ltd. – A service formed with the explicit purpose of the education of precious metals traders – A wholesale bullion trading company providing the most advanced solution for the trading and storing of precious metals 
Andrew Maguire, Independent London Metals Trader and Analyst, internationally renowned for his unique ability to read the precious metals market with his specialist knowledge and experience gained over 35 years trading in financial and commodity markets is the expert in these highly complex and competitive fields. Andrew directly oversees all of Goldstar Global services. 
Andrew sits on the advisory board of a global physical bullion exchange and is a consultant and advisor to many international hedge fund managers, bullion banks, directors and metal traders globally, all of whom rely on his highly recognised field of expert market analysis and incredibly accurate ability to forecast. He shares his expert knowledge through our services on this website. 
In 2009, Andrew decided to go public and provided evidence to the United States regulators relating to fraud and price manipulation that was being committed globally in the international gold and silver markets. This put him at the epicentre of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries, banks and government leaders, which is still an on going investigation and does not deter him in his determination to see fair play for all on the trading fields. 
Andrew is currently advising many other legal firms who are involved in bringing to justice criminal acts within the financial world and rely on his expert advice and Andrew is the only accredited whistleblower of market abuse to US regulators. Andrew is regularly featured in international media, international documentaries and is guest speaker at conferences. Andrew’s quotes are constantly used on numerous blog sites around the world and his whistleblower evidence and constant efforts and lobbying to bring market manipulation to the attention of the world’s media is the topic inside many financial publications and paperbacks. 
Our Services – Andrew Maguire Gold Trading, is a trading name of Goldstar Global Ltd. – A service formed with the explicit purpose of the education of precious metals traders 
We provide 2 levels of service to assist institutional money managers, investors and traders in making high probability trading decisions on short, medium and long term time frames. 
MaguireLive is our premium service providing real time access to watch Andrew Maguire, a 35 year veteran of the gold and silver markets executing his own trading decisions using his vast experience, acute analysis and use of proprietary indicators to post his trades in real time allowing members to benefit from his insight into rapidly changing market dynamics. Andrew takes high probability low risk trades which come in two forms: 
1. FastTrades – these are scalp trades, traded quickly with tight stops and are typically closed on the same day.