2706,5 Lifesaving Security Measures to Secure Your Home From Intruders,Tess Pennington,"Many believe burglaries are crimes that occur out of desperation, but this isn’t always the case. In fact, the motivation that drives many criminals is simply opportunity. Such is the case for why home break-ins occur around Christmas time while homeowners are away at work. All a criminal needs to do is make a quick entry, grab all the gifts perfectly surrounded by a Christmas tree and they are out the door faster than you can blink. Here are some facts to gain a better perspective on what you are facing:
According to the U.S. Department of Justice, every 15 seconds a home in America is burglarized and the homeowner typically suffers a loss of nearly $2,000 in stolen goods or property damage. Most burglaries take place between 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. The majority of break-ins are committed by burglars who live nearby. Burglars tend to avoid homes with security systems. Most criminals can burglarize a home in less than ten minutes. Almost 30% of burglars enter a home through an unlocked door or window. An astonishing 34% of burglars enter through the front door. Burglars usually go to the master bedroom first. The average property dollar loss per burglary is a staggering $2,251. Someone is home during nearly three out of every ten burglaries. Only 13.6% of burglaries in 2014 resulted in arrests. Given these startling statistics, break-ins can be avoided altogether by using common sense and mindfulness. Here are some simple security measures to take to ensure your home stays out of the watchful eye of an intruder.
1. Keep security layers in mind Having security layers in place is the best possible preventative measures to deter possible criminals from marking your home as an easy target. These security layers will advertise to intruders that they should avoid your home altogether. Designing a home defense system that includes multiple security layers is a proactive way to protect your home, family, and belongings. Fortunately, there are plenty of tools at your disposal for keeping your property safe. Most of them cost significantly less than an alarm system, and all together can provide several layers of security to your home. Below are seven awesome tools for keeping your place safe during the holiday season. These affordable items are a great start to beefing up your home security.
Door club Wireless LED spotlight Fake TV burglar deterrent Digital lamp timers Sentry security bolt safe Hidden safes Security system Curtains and/or blinds on windows Use a wooden dowel on sliding doors and windows Read more about these