2717,The Doubt Machine: Inside The Koch Brothers’ War on Climate Science,Rowan Wolf,"[Photo: Before and after mountain top removal for coal extraction. Devastation brought to you by the Koch Brothers. Credit: Earth Justice.] =By= The Real News Network Editor's Note 
We are at the point in Earth history, the breaking point. Humanity, (let’s be fair shall we?) western “civilization” has virtually killed the only home we have. There is no place for homeless humanity to go when this home becomes habitable only for cockroaches and similarly hardy beasts. Those in the worst offender nation, the United States, have allowed themselves to be pacified into disbelief that we are, or even can, destroy the only home we have. Much of that willing disbelief is founded on a welll orchestrated propaganda campagn carried out by the fossil fuel industry and the owners of it such as the Koch Brothers. The video below examines this decades long campaign that has been waged to lead a willing populace to the graveyard of humanity. 
We are literally at a point where days matter in reversing course. We (humanity) does not have centuries to address this problem. We don’t even have decades. Some argue that if something significant is not done by 2017 to radically reduce the production of global warming gasses that it will be too late to avoid the worst that is coming at us. We are talking months – not years. Recognizing the urgency, many organizations and publications are devoting major effort to addressing the destruction of our world. The Real News Network is starting a Global Climate Change Bureau. The Greanville Post and Uncommon Thought Journal are dedicated to bringing you consistent news, analysis, and engagement opportunities focused on ACD ( Anthropogenic Climate Disruption ) – as Dahr Jamail argues, ACD clear puts the blame for the problem on humans. Please join us in this effort and send pertinent materials to Rowan Wolf at managing.ed@greanvillepost.com . 
From The Real News Network 
Scientists say Temperatures Will Rise to Critical 2° by 2050 
The Real News Network is Building a Global Climate Change Bureau