2734,Re: Why Is Obama Threatening Russia With World War 3 Right Before The Election?,Donna,"Why Is Obama Threatening Russia With World War 3 Right Before The Election?   October 16th, 2016 
It sure seems like an odd time to be provoking a war with Russia. As I write this, we stand just a little bit more than three weeks away from one of the most pivotal elections in U.S. history, and Barack Obama has chosen this moment to strongly threaten the Russians. As I wrote about on Friday , Reuters is reporting that Obama is contemplating “direct U.S. military action” against Syrian military targets, and the Russians have already indicated that any assault on Syrian forces would be considered an attack on themselves. The rapidly deteriorating crisis in Syria has already caused tensions with Russia to rise to the highest level since the end of the Cold War, but now Obama is adding fuel to the fire by publicly considering “an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia”. Apparently Obama believes that Russian hackers are interfering in the election and so he wants payback. The following comes from an NBC News article entitled “ CIA Prepping for Possible Cyber Strike Against Russia “… 
The Obama administration is contemplating an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia in retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the American presidential election , U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News. 
Current and former officials with direct knowledge of the situation say the CIA has been asked to deliver options to the White House for a wide-ranging “clandestine” cyber operation designed to harass and “embarrass” the Kremlin leadership. 
The sources did not elaborate on the exact measures the CIA was considering, but said the agency had already begun opening cyber doors, selecting targets and making other preparations for an operation . 
Somebody should tell Obama that he is not playing a video game. A cyber attack is considered to be an act of war, and the Russians would inevitably retaliate. And considering how exceedingly vulnerable our cyber infrastructure is, I don’t know if that is something that we want to invite. 
At the end of last week, Vice President Joe Biden also publicly threatened the Russians … 
On Friday, Vice President Joe Biden met “Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd for an interview that has raised serious concern in Russia. 
Without bothering to question the authenticity of the claims, Todd took the allegations of Russian hacking at face value, opening his interview with a loaded question: “Why haven’t we sent a message yet to Putin?” 
After a moment of stunned silence, Biden responded, “We’re sending a message. We have the capacity to do it and it will be at the time of our choosing, and under the circumstances that will have the greatest impact.” 
When Todd asked if the public will know a message was sent, Biden replied, “Hope not.” 
The Russians firmly deny that they had any involvement in the hacking, and so far the Obama administration has not publicly produced any firm evidence that the Russians were behind it. 
Perhaps the Obama administration privately has some evidence, but at this point they have not shown that evidence to the American public. 
So for Joe Biden to be making these sorts of threats is a very dangerous thing. The Russians are taking these threats very seriously, and they are preparing to protect their interests … 
‘The threats directed against Moscow and our state’s leadership are unprecedented because they are voiced at the level of the US vice president. 
‘To the backdrop of this aggressive, unpredictable line, we must take measures to protect (our) interests, to hedge risks,’ a Kremlin spokesman said, according to RIA Novosti news agency. 
Here in the United States, most people don’t even realize that we could be on the verge of a major conflict with Russia. 
But over in Russia things are completely different. Talk of war is everywhere, and the potential for war is the number one topic in the Russian media right now. Just check out some of the recent Russian media headlines about the conflict between our two nations… 
-“ In Contrast to Clinton, Trump Has No Appetite for War With Russia ” 
And one Russian television network recently instructed their viewers to locate the nearest bomb shelter in case a nuclear war between the United States and Russia suddenly erupts… 
A terrifying Russian television broadcast explicitly told civilians to find out where their nearest bomb shelter is and repeatedly asked viewers if they were ready for nuclear war. 
One apocalyptic broadcast told viewers on Moscow’s state-owned TV channel NTV: “If it should one day happen, every one of you should know where the nearest bomb shelter is. It’s best to find out now.” 
I don’t believe that the Russians are crazy to be thinking that a war might be coming. 
To me, it almost seems as though Obama wants one. 
Could it be possible that a conflict with Russia will be used to alter, change or influence the upcoming election in November? 
The truth is that it isn’t going to take much for the shooting to begin. If Obama orders airstrikes against Syrian forces, the Russians have said that they will shoot back … 
Ash Carter has threatened Russia with “consequences”. After blowing up the ceasefire, the Pentagon – supported by the Joint Chiefs of Staff — now is peddling “potential strikes” on Syria’s air force to “punish the regime” for what the Pentagon actually did; blow up the ceasefire. One can’t make this stuff up. 
Major-General Igor Konashenkov, Russia’s Defense Ministry spokesman, sent a swift message to “our colleagues in Washington”; think twice if you believe you can get away with launching a “shadow” hot war against Russia. Russia will target any stealth/unidentified aircraft attacking Syrian government targets – and they will be shot down. 
The only serious question then is whether an out of control Pentagon will force the Russian Air Force – false flag and otherwise — to knock out US Air Force fighter jets, and whether Moscow has the fire power to take out each and every one of them. 
I discussed the potential for war with Russia in my latest video . Hopefully cooler heads will prevail and war with Russia will be put off… 
But without a doubt the crisis in Syria is not going to be resolved any time soon because it is one giant mess. Most people don’t realize that the Syrian civil war has essentially been a proxy war between Sunni Islam and Shia Islam from the very beginning. Jihadist rebels that are being armed and funded by Saudi Arabia and Turkey are fighting Hezbollah troops that are being armed and funded by Iran. And now Turkish forces have invaded northern Syria, and this threatens to cause a full-blown war to erupt between Turkey and the Syrian Kurds. Of course ISIS is right in the middle of everything causing havoc, blowing stuff up and beheading anyone that doesn’t believe in their radical version of Sunni Islam. 
It is absolutely insane that the United States and Russia could potentially go to war because of this conflict. Both sides are determined to show the other how tough they are, and one false move could set off a spiral of events from which they may be no recovery. 
The American people very foolishly elected Barack Obama twice, but up until now the consequences have not been quite as dire as many had been projecting. 
However, right here at the end of his second term Obama is facing a moment of truth. If he ends up dragging us into a war with Russia, the American people will ultimately bitterly regret putting him into the White House. Drowning In Debt: 35 Percent Of All Americans Have Debt That Is At Least 180 Days Past Due » Guest 
“If he [Obama] ends up dragging us into a war with Russia, the American people will ultimately bitterly regret putting him into the White House.” 
Oh, I doubt it. Most Americans just lap up the propaganda fed to them by the mainstream media that has incessantly demonized Putin and other foreign leaders. Where is the outrage over what this administration has done in destabilizing Libya and other sovereign nations in the Middle East? Where is the outrage over what the Bush administration did in Iraq and Afghanistan? 
There is a video on Youtube with General Wesley Clark discussing how the Pentagon planned to attack 7 countries in 5 years. Google it. JC Teecher 
The reality of the general public putting an atheistic/muzzy, into the white house, will not strike home, until their sons and daughters are coming home in body bags. Guest 
No, when their sons and daughters come back in body bags, their parents will wave that American flag and say that their children died to defend the “freedoms” of this country. Good grief. JC Teecher 
Oh yea. plenty of those folks as well. watchmannonthewall 
God help us! You are both right! But there will be far fewer of the first than the second! Paul Patriot 
Nothing liked a lame duck traitor to recklessly stick his nose in the affairs of others, and then leave office in a few months. 
This traitor should have been impeached after one year of his first term…..but the American sheeple demanded the “change you could believe in”. So, the way I see it, we are bearing the fruits of allowing a traitor to occupy the white house, and a apethetic population that is not united and sat back and did nothing to protest. If Hitlery gets in, she will gladly continued the change that Obama (global elite masters) has been determined to accomplish, and will transform this nation into a nation unrecognizable to most who call this nation home. 
I predict if hitlery gets in she will be even more addicted to executive orders than the invader obummer. df NJ 
I’m not sure Obama is really in control of the military at this point. gfmucci 
Sheesh, I hope you’re right. Orlando 
Prayers for us all since all the elite and Governments have bunkers to hide in smh we should have never allowed the Government Coruption to get this Far that’s why I’m voting Trump if we even make it to That at this point Who Knows Bill G Wilminton NC 
VOTE TRUMP !!! Donna 
Yes we need to vote for Trump, but here’s the problem, it has now surfaced that 15 states have voters machines that are connected to George Soros and friends. The second thing is we have to quit being so weak as the American people wanting someone else to fix this for us. I do t know that they can this time. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Donna Vote For Trump, Be Strong, And Be Happy That You Are One Of The ” DEPLORABLES” !!! Donna 
Thank you, didn’t get to see this till today but, WE WON!!! SnodtBlossom