3) The belief that long-term hegemonic relations, based on client regimes in Asia, could resist the attraction of signing trade and investment agreements with the rising Chinese mega-economy, while sacrificing vital economic development, and relegating their masses to more stagnation and unemployment, collapsed with the massive electoral of nationalist Rodrigo Duterte as President of the Philippines. 
In fact, these and other political assessments among the decision makers in Washington and on Wall Street were proven wrong leading to a strategic retreat of the empire in both Latin America and Asia. The policy failures were not merely ‘mistakes’ but the inevitable results of changing structural conditions embedded in a declining empire. 
These decisions were based on a calculus of power, rooted in class and national relations that may have held true two decades ago. At the dawn of the new millennium the US still dominated Asia and China was not yet an economic alternative for its neighbors eager for investment. Washington could and did dictate policy in Southeast Asia. 
Twenty years ago, the US had the economic leverage to sustain the neoliberal policies of the Washington Consensus throughout Latin America. 
Today the US continues to pursue policies based on anachronistic power relations, seeming to ignore the fact that China is now a world power and a viable economic trade and investment alternative successfully competing for markets and influence in Asia. Washington is failing to compete in that marketplace and, therefore, can no longer rely on docile client state. 
Washington cannot effectively control and direct large-scale capital flows to shore-up its newly installed rightist regimes in Argentina and Brazil as they crumble under their own corruption and incompetence. Meanwhile the world is watching a domestic US economy, mired in stagnation with its own political elites torn by corruption and scandals at the highest level, and staging the most bizarre presidential campaign in its history. Corruption has become the mode of governing under conditions of deregulation and rule by political warlords. Political allegiance to the empire and open doors to foreign pillage do not attract capital when those making political decisions are facing prison and the business ‘doormen’ are busy stuffing their suitcases with cash and making a mad-dash for the airports! 
For Wall Street and the Pentagon, Latin America and Asia are lost opportunities – betrayals to be mourned at the officers clubs and exclusive Manhattan restaurants. For the people in mass social movements these are emerging opportunities for struggle and change. 
The strenuous US effort to rebuild its empire in Latin America and Southeast Asia has suffered a rapid succession of blows. Washington can still seize power but it lacks the talent and the favorable conditions to hold it. 
The vision of a Brazilian state, build on the edifice of the privatized oil giant, Petrobras, and the political incarceration of its left adversaries, with foreign capital attracted and seduced by political procurers, pimps and prostitutes, has ended in a debacle. 
In this vacuum, it will be up to the new governments and peoples’ movements to seize the opportunity to advance their struggles and explore political and economic alternatives. The aborted rightist power grab inadvertently has done the peoples’ movements a great favor by exposing and ousting the corrupt and compromised center-left regimes opening the door for a genuine anti-imperialist transformation. ORDER IT NOW",1
2995,"Julian Assange: ’When You Read a Newspaper Article, You Are Reading Weaponized Text’ - Breitbart",Lucas Nolan,"WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange recently discussed the topic of “fake news” and how WikiLeaks’ pure   approach has prevented them from becoming “weaponized text. ”[CNET reports that Assange appeared via   in a discussion with Australian comedian Chas Licciardello in Sydney, Australia this week. During the interview, Assange discussed the idea of “fake news” and how WikiLeaks’ refusal to editorialize their content and rather provide pure data to the public has allowed them to publish facts without bias.  “What is special about WikiLeaks is that it’s not just another damn story,” said Assange, “it’s not just another damn journalist putting their damn byline, advertising themselves and their position on another damn story. ” “You’re not reading   knowledge,” Assange said in discussing WikiLeaks vast database of information. “When you read a newspaper article, you are reading weaponised text that is designed to affect a person just like you  …     I think that is the real beauty of WikiLeaks  …     it is that sea of information, that treasure, that intellectual treasure, that rebel library of Alexandria you can go into. ” Surprisingly, Assange said that he was quite happy to see the narrative of “fake news” being pushed by the media, claiming so far WikiLeaks has a 100% correct record when it comes to verifiable information. “When the narrative of fake news came out and was then taken off effectively by the   press and pushed around  …     I could see exactly where that was going. I was rather happy about it,” Assange said. “WikiLeaks is very happy that there is a narrative about fake news out there because we have a perfect record of having never got it wrong in terms of authentications. ” “The real value in WikiLeaks is it is a wonderful library that you can trust  …     But the library has to be marketed. And so the   business, which we’re also in  —   I view that as a kind of marketing effort for what is much more substantial, which is our archive,” he continued. “We try and maximize the value of the information to readers. So that’s publishing it at the moment when they most want to read it, when they most want to know what it contains. And that’s definitely before an election rather than after election. ” When asked about the accuracy of the released emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Assange said, “We had lots of critics in the Democratic Party, liars in the Democratic Party  …     saying that what we published was not accurate  —   trying to imitate it, sometimes saying it directly. And of course we could mathematically prove that they were liars. And it’s not every day that you can mathematically prove that your critics are full of it. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
2996,Vatican Museums Get First Female Director - The New York Times,Rachel Donadio,"Pope Francis has chosen Barbara Jatta as the first woman to direct the Vatican Museums. Currently the museums’ deputy director, Dr. Jatta, 54, will take over on Jan. 1, 2017, becoming the   female administrator in the Vatican, where most senior positions are reserved for cardinals and bishops. The Vatican Museums, which include the Sistine Chapel, are among the most popular in the world. They drew six million visitors in 2015, and are also a major revenue source for the Vatican. Dr. Jatta succeeds Antonio Paolucci, the director since 2007. On his watch, the museums installed a new   system in the Sistine Chapel and restored Raphael’s “School of Athens” frescoes. A professor of history of graphic arts at the University of Naples, Dr. Jatta has been at the Vatican since 1996, as curator of graphics in the prints department and the head of the Cabinet of Prints in the Vatican Apostolic Library.",0
2997,Fox News Martha Maccallum SHREDS Hillary’s RUSSIAN Theory in ONE TWEET – TruthFeed,Amy Moreno,"Fox News Martha Maccallum SHREDS Hillary’s RUSSIAN Theory in ONE TWEET Fox News Martha Maccallum SHREDS Hillary’s RUSSIAN Theory in ONE TWEET Politics By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
As the Wikileaks emails start getting more and more damaging the Clinton campaign is doubling down on their Russian conspiracy theory by now suggesting the Russians are writing FAKE emails. 
Que? 
However, Fox News’ Martha MacCallum pointed out a rather YUGE flaw in the logic of the Hillary camp claiming Russians created “fake” emails to try and interfere with the election. 
In one recently released email, Clinton campaign chair John Podesta writes that they needed to “dump emails.” 
After that had hit the news, Podesta tried explaining that by “dump” he meant the emails should be made public. 
Ha ha ha….O….K, pal. 
Afterward, Martha tweeted out a tweet that pretty much destroys the “Russians made fake email” story. Once you start haggling over what you meant in an email, the idea that it was written by the Russians kind of goes out the 
— martha maccallum (@marthamaccallum) November 2, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",1
2998,Oregon Man Accused of Trying to Shove Co-Worker Inside Wood Chipper,Katherine Rodriguez,"An Oregon man who worked for a tree service company is accused of trying to shove his coworker inside a wood chipper. [Scott Edward Iverson, 26, of Stayton, is being charged with attempted murder and   assault, WSB reported.  Police say that Iverson was with several other coworkers at a job site Thursday when he allegedly approached the victim, who was loading brush into the wood chipper, from behind. Iverson allegedly put him in a chokehold and pushed his upper torso into the mouth of the wood chipper. KPTV reported that the victim told police he tried to fight off Iverson while Iverson made another alleged attempt to shove his body into the machine —  this time, head first. The station reported that another employee saw what was happening and intervened in the situation, separating Iverson from the man. Iverson fled the scene, but police found him the next day in a restaurant in Stayton. KPTV reported that the victim told police that he could not pinpoint the reason why Iverson attacked him but thought he would die as a result of the alleged attack. Iverson is being held in the Marion County Jail without bond, according to jail records.",0
2999,NY Times: Trump Supporters are Threatening a ‘Violent Revolution’ if Hillary Wins,Piper McGowin,"The propaganda popsicle stand that is The New York Times is floating the idea that Trump supporters are calling for a new American Revolution if Hillary wins. 
But beneath the cheering, a new emotion is taking hold among some Trump supporters as they grapple with reports predicting that he will lose the election: a dark fear about what will happen if their candidate is denied the White House. Some worry that they will be forgotten, along with their concerns and frustrations. Others believe the nation may be headed for violent conflict. 
Jared Halbrook, 25, of Green Bay, Wis., said that if Mr. Trump lost to Hillary Clinton, which he worried would happen through a stolen election, it could lead to “another Revolutionary War.” 
“People are going to march on the capitols,” said Mr. Halbrook, who works at a call center. “They’re going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.” 
“If push comes to shove,” he added, and Mrs. Clinton “has to go by any means necessary, it will be done.” 
What’s ominous about this level of programming is that we know the system is already gearing up for this possibility with an election military drill that could go live at any time until a month after the election, as previously reported: 
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after. 
It appears that the system is gearing up to handle outbreaks of violence, chaotic rallies and poll stations, and the possibility that the people of the United States may become very dissatisfied with the outcome by using military force and martial law. 
The drill could, of course, go live at any time; Homeland Security and the military are prepared to contend with a period of unrest, and restore order to a divided and broken country – regardless of whether people like their new leader or not. 
As you know, DHS is already monitoring this election and prepared to take over its ‘critical infrastructure’. The scope of this drill would, of course, take things much further: 
Hi Guys, 
I got some gouge from a former military colleague who is in contact with active duty personnel and he received an email about an upcoming drill. We need confirmation on this, but if we put it out there we might get a leaker to come forward and confirm: 
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York 
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre. 
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed.