3726,5 Reasons You Should Stop Using Facebook,Brock Robinson,"I remember signing up for Facebook ten years ago. At this point in time, the new social media site was geared mostly toward college students and it was uncommon for anyone over the age of 25 to have an account. 
But over the last decade we’ve seen Facebook morph into a $50 billion conglomerate and information kingpin acquiring massive power and wealth from the endless amounts of time users waste scrolling through their news feeds. This beast of a social media platform has gone on to consume the lives of millions, gather nefarious amounts of data, foster unnecessary personal dramas, and often cause more harm than good for its users. 
It would be prudent to take a good hard look at your Facebook experience and ask yourself if it’s something that’s actually adding value to your life. Here are five reasons why you should think carefully before using the world’s largest social media site. 
1. Your Facebook Feed Is A Black Hole Of Completely Worthless Information 
I think it’s important to create streams of information that add real value to your life. Through platforms such as Twitter, Feedly, and YouTube, I’ve followed writers and content producers that have dedicated their lives to self-improvement, entrepreneurship, higher meaning, and the search for truth. 
So you can probably imagine the stark difference between an intellectually curated Twitter feed and the dumbed-down Facebook community of people you went to high school with that peaked in the 12th grade. 
Log into your Facebook and the most common information you’ll likely find is who got married, who had kids, and who got fat. Scrolling through your Facebook feed is akin to flipping through a more personalized celebrity gossip magazine at the grocery store checkout line. 
Every time I log onto Facebook I’m immediately reminded why I never log onto Facebook. 
2. It’s No Longer Useful For Dating 
In college, I gained some value out of the site by using its chat feature to build up attraction with girls in my social circle and get their phone numbers. 
But over the years, most girls have attached the “creepy” stigma to guys who hit them up via Facebook messenger. 
In addition to that, you don’t really need a Facebook profile for “social proof” as you once did since Instagram is a better social media app for meeting girls .