3738,"Bush Sr. & W, Bill Clinton, Obama Skype with ‘Black Hat handler’ to avoid public discovery of .01% Crimes Against Humanity, looting, pedophilia",Carl_Herman,"Posted on November 6, 2016 by Carl Herman 
(Satire) : In an extraordinarily high-tech conference room, a wall of high-definition screens show four faces: George Bush, Sr., George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama; each about 4 feet by 3 feet in a large connected rectangle going clockwise from the top-left position. The room is dark. A male is alone in the conference room; a “Black Hat handler.” (full adult language) 
Black Hat: I recommend your closest attention and obedience, because we are quite willing to sacrifice all of you. 
Sr.: Fuck you. We all have dead-man switches to expose you if we go down. We’re in this together. 
W: Yeah! And we’re not talking about our “switches” being dead no matter how cute and young the boys and girls are at Epstein and pedophile parties ! (and here ) 
Black: Fools, silence! We’re trying to help you! 
Bill: “Help” isn’t in your DNA. You play our addictions, and sacrifice us if we’re not of use. But, Bush-Daddy is right: we can take y’all down just as easy as you take us down. 
Black: I see. Then you’re all agreeable to end this communication now and scramble in this shit-storm without us? 
Barack: No. These guys are too old, and one too stupid to care… 
W: I’m not that old… 
Barack: … but I’m young enough to want a future. What’s your proposal, sir? 
Black: Anyone want to leave this call? 
Sr.: We’re listening. We’ve kept our end of our bargain, and expect you to keep yours. Don’t threaten us. We’re all vulnerable. 
Black: You all will continue your roles as former US Presidents, acting as window dressing when called. We have a minor situation to bitch-slap some Boy Scouts leaking e-mails, and will respond as appropriate. 
One response is to “select” Hillary in a close “election” with our controlled voting software . We’ll monitor blow-back, and might have her “die” like Enron’s Kenny Lay with Bill following shortly of a “broken heart.” 
(Black pauses the required moment as all loudly laugh at that ridiculous contradiction) 
We will then control events through the cleaner puppet. Another response is to select Trump, have him play ball , or “heart attack” him. 
Bill: So you’re telling us you’ve got this all under control. 
Black: As usual. Nothing has changed. 
W: How do we know you’ve got this managed? 
Black: If you can be caught 200 times with a gay male prostitute in the White House pretending to be the highest professional media, and we can make that story “go away” down the sheeple’s memory-hole, we can manage a “few e-mails from Russia” or whatever we end up calling them. 
W: (whining) And when can we stop pretending to care about these sheeple? (all 4 others roll their eyes) 
Sr.: Junior, our part of the deal is to keep pretending until the population is culled to about a half-billion through conditioning water , food , air , healthcare , vaccines , war , debt , etc. Our Masters’ part of the deal is to use developing clone technology for our class to be young and live forever. We’ll alternate with ongoing sheeple-management roles as demi-Gods, while they work as our servant class. 
W: Oh, yeah. So stay the course.