4348,Comment on 4 Reasons Why Your Diet Sucks by The Most Important Concepts The Manosphere Taught Me,The Most Important Concepts The Manosphere Taught Me,"Home This Month Popular 4 Reasons Why Your Diet Sucks 4 Reasons Why Your Diet Sucks March 2, 2013 19 Comments Body 
1. You have no idea how much you are eating. 
Ever wonder why you can’t gain any muscle or lose any body fat? Well, the first place to look for the answer is your diet. Are you eating the requisite amount of calories for your goals? If you want to gain muscle you have to eat more calories than you burn, whereas if you want to lose body fat you have to eat fewer calories than you burn. There is no way around this simple fact. Even though this is nothing more than a grade school physics problem, I’m still baffled by the number of guys out there whining about being “hardgainers” or “endomorphs.” Invest in a food scale and track your intake. It’s really not that hard. 
2. You are constantly looking for the next best supplement to take. 
This is the game equivalent of asking for the one magic pick up line that will allow you to swoop top shelf girls left and right. The hard truth is that the vast majority of supplements are a complete waste of money. Guys flock to supplements because it’s an easy fix. Instead of putting in the time and hard work needed to obtain the results they desire, they look for shortcuts in order to get ahead. Unfortunately, these shortcuts don’t exist. The only time you should be worrying about supplements is when you have all of the other nutritional building blocks in place. 
3. You think you don’t have the time to eat healthy. 
A lot of guys complain about being too busy to eat nutritious meals made mostly of whole foods. Guys will also complain about not having enough time to hit the gym after work (or during their lunch break). The problem here is not one of time , but rather of priorities . Guys would rather sleep-in than get up early to make themselves a good lunch to take to work. The bottom line is this: if you value your health then find the time to make yourself nutritious meals. Ditch the excuses.