4414,The Truth that America Doesn't Want You to Know about War Crimes in Syria,Vandita,"After claiming the lives of more than a quarter of a million people; causing the biggest refugee crisis since World War II; and fueling the rise of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the civil war in Syria, which started in 2011 as a peaceful protest against President Bashar al-Assad but later turned into an international proxy war, is today, signaling World War III. At least, that’s what the West and the mainstream media want you to believe . However, the truth is the United States and its allies are using the “war crimes” and “crimes of historic proportions” in Syria to prolong the proxy war, overthrow Assad, and annex an independent country. Sadly, the United Nations, Amnesty International, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, and other “concerned parties” (including the mainstream media), support the West in its malicious intent.
The Western Claim “Russia and the Syrian regime owe the world more than an explanation about why they keep hitting hospitals and medical facilities and children and women,” US Secretary of State John Kerry recently commented. Kerry begged for an investigation of the Russian and Syrian military strikes against civilians and medical facilities in Aleppo, as war crimes.
“There is clear and abundant evidence the Assad regime and the Russian government are committing crimes that include, but are not limited to, deliberate attacks on civilians, collective punishment, starvation as a tool of war, torture, murder, inhumane treatment of prisoners and the use of chemical weapons on the battlefield,” asserted The Washington Post .
“The ancient city of Aleppo, a place of millennial civility and beauty, is today a slaughterhouse — a gruesome locus of pain and fear, where the lifeless bodies of small children are trapped under streets of rubble and pregnant women deliberately bombed,” observed the UN human rights’ chief, seeking a war crimes inquiry.
The Western Evidence 1. A commission for International Justice and Accountability — a non-profit organization funded by western states including the UK, US, the EU, Germany, Switzerland, Norway, Canada and Denmark — smuggled over 600,000 top-secret Syrian government documents brought to Western Europe .
An analysis of some 400 documents “linked the systematic torture and murder of tens of thousands of Syrians to a written policy approved by President Bashar al-Assad, coordinated among his security-intelligence agencies, and implemented by regime operatives.” Current status: Neither the documents nor the evidence has been made public.
2. A decorated American journalist and a former CIA officer, Adam Ciralsky wrote about the 53,275 photos that “Caesar” (a Syrian military photographer turned war crimes whistleblower, who fled the country in August 2013) took as grisly evidence of Assad’s brutality.
“The pictures, most of them taken in Syrian military hospitals, show corpses photographed at close range — one at a time as well as in small groupings. Virtually all of the bodies — thousands of them — betray signs of torture: gouged eyes; mangled genitals ; bruises and dried blood from beatings; acid and electric burns; emaciation; and marks from strangulation,” Ciralsky explained. Current Status: The treasure trove, as well as the photographer “Caesar,” is hidden from the public eye.
3. In 2015, Amnesty International documented the systematic and widespread “unthinkable atrocities” war crimes, and crimes against humanity committed by Assad’s regime, in a 74-page report (including indiscriminate use of explosive weapons, arbitrary arrests, torture, and enforced disappearances). The ‘heartbreaking’ research involved merely 78 residents (mostly former) and 29 professionals working in Aleppo .