52. Yet Japan, Chile, Italy,Mexico, Washington DC and New Jersey have had bigger earthquakes than we have.And don’t get me started on Hurricanes and blizzards. 
I’m too tired to go through the rest, but I suggest this. If you don’t like it, leave. 
yes, people are leaving. what remains are illegals, criminals, and hollywood bizzaros 2Gary2 
Former Republican: 6 Reasons the GOP Is Doomed 
The formerly Grand Old Party needs to change to survive. But all we’re seeing are botox solutions. 
Thank God the country could move forward with out the conservatives trying to pull us back to the 17th century. 
LMAO, you are a racist democrat Bad_Mr_Frosty 
The liberals and conservatives are both right. It’s the over-sized soviet government (conservatives) and the over-sized soviet corporations (liberal) that are killing the middle-class. The system will not allow people to vote for candidates that would address the problem (Ron Paul). Bad_Mr_Frosty 
Democrats are far-leftists, Republicans are a center-left party. There hasn’t been conservatives in US politics for decades. Apparently, they’re all “racist”. 
i still want to visit there. atlanta sucks Ralphieboy 
Pretty much all you state is true. We moved our business from California to Texas in 2000 – best decision we ever made. No, we are not liberals who are foisting our ideas on Texas– just two conservatives who were smart enough to know that California would eventually kill our business. 
We still maintain a home in Newport Beach – where 87% are registered as republicans. Spend almost six months a year there – especially to escape Texas summers. Beach is a one minute walk from our house, and the weather is as close to perfect as is possible. No, we don’t fight traffic, and yes, we pay no California state income tax. In fact, I bet that most of our neighbors pay no California income tax either. Many are folks who maintain “vacation” homes there – but were smart enough to put their primary homes our of state. 
Of course, the morons in Sacramento – like liberal morons everywhere, never understand that when the rich are taxed, the rich always find ways to legally avoid it. Of course, California lost us as taxpayers when we fled the state in 2000. The state also lost our employees and that tax base as well – and they continue to lose by chasing small business away. 
Guess I will never understand why Californians continue to vote these idiots in. Prior to moving to Newport Beach, we lived in a suburb just south of here. All of our neighbors were liberals save one or two. Once our neighbors discovered we were conservative/libertarian – they had absolutely nothing to do with us, and quite frankly, some got downright nasty. Then again, we are small business owners – and they are corporate or government workers who never have had to make payroll. liberranter 
Guess I will never understand why Californians continue to vote these idiots in. 
Because most Kalifornia “voters” are lazy, freeloading, economically ignorant sheepletards, like most of the rest of the nation. Obviously they’re just present in greater numbers in KA than in the rest of the country. Shahhe 
California* Yet again, you insult a whole category of people’s intelligence, yet your spelling is that akin of a 2nd grader. pentachronic 
Kalifornia is a mockery word to show communism and California as one and the same. Maybe you should stop being overly PC like the rest of Kalifornia. YOU are the problem. PC-ness allows politicians to make stupid laws and add stupid taxes on the premiss of doing the ‘right’ thing for everyone !! mh 
if you’re going to live here half the year, pay income taxes. all of you are complaining about the “illegals” who drain the system by not contributing tax money, etc – yet here you are, making a significant income, splitting your life between two states, and only contributing to one. dilligaf 
They’re taking advantage of the system, just like the illegals are. So what? Is there a separate set of rules? Austin 
My family spends all our time here but for a couple year (since we still own out GA home) d not pay the CA income tax… Why? It’s ridiculously expensive. We do now unfortunately Frank Lucci 
I am Los Angelean, born and raised. As a kid, I saw this great state get bombarded by folks like you. Yah- you wanted the beaches and the weather, and I guess you thought it was for the taking. However you came, you saw, and you destroyed whatever you could. So good-ridden to the millions who came, saw and destroyed. It would be a welcomed event for those of us natives to purge the rest of you non-natives, including the representatives you brought with you. Whoever wrote this must have had a really bad experience here. The good news is it is about time! Like I used to say as a kid while the planes flew overhead, “Go home and don’t come back!” Kathy 
Frank, I’m guessing you are Italian American from your name. I too am Italian American, the great grand child of immigrants . So you may be a native of Los Angeles but your ancestors and mine weren’t born here my friend. They are from Italy. Don’t you feel that people coming here to Cali LEGALLY or any place in the US to work hard should be welcomed? They can contribute to the state’s economy just as hard working, driven immigrants who are now third or fourth generation helped make this country great. When immigrants first came to the US many people spat at them because they weren’t “natives”. They said “go home!” Now you want to do the same? drbuzzsaw 
Can the rest of us, VOTE California OUT of the union??? liberranter