8598,Pack Your Bags: 18 Celebs Who Said They Would Leave If Trump Won,Starkman,"Since even before the presidential primaries began, the idea of a Donald Trump presidency made some celebrities threaten they would leave the country if it happened. Here are 18 celebrities who pledged to flee the United States and live in exile in the event of a Trump win. Let’s make them to stick to it! 
Via Yournewswire 1. Barbra Streisand 

“I can’t believe it. I’m either coming to your country if you’ll let me in, or Canada,” the singer told 60 Minutes in an interview in August. Streisand has been a vocal supporter of Clinton’s candidacy, and appeared at a high-profile fundraiser for the candidate in New York City earlier this year.
2. Bryan Cranston 

“I would definitely move. It’s not real to me that that would happen. I hope to God it won’t,” Cranston said in October of the possibility of a Trump victory. The Breaking Bad star suggested he would take a permanent vacation to Vancouver.
3. Miley Cyrus 

The young pop star said she would “move out da country” if Trump, whom she called a “ f*cking nightmare ” were to win the election.
“My heart is broken into a 1 pieces…I am moving if this is my president! I don’t say things I don’t mean!” she wrote in an Instagram post.
4. Lena Dunham 

The Girls star said there is a “ 100 percent chance ” she will pick up and move to Canada if Trump prevails on Election Day.
“I love Canada. I think that it’s a great place, and there’s an area in Vancouver that I find beautiful and appealing, and I can conduct business from there,” the actress and Clinton surrogate said.
5. Amy Schumer 

The comedian and Trainwreck actress said Spain would be her destination of choice if Trump wins the presidency.
“My act will change because I will need to learn to speak Spanish,” Schumer said in an appearance on the BBC’s Newsnight in September. “Because I will move to Spain or somewhere. It’s beyond my comprehension if Trump won. It’s just too crazy.”
6. Jon Stewart 

The former Daily Show funnyman may want to connect with billionaire space pioneer Elon Musk if Trump wins; he told People magazine last year that he would consider “getting in a rocket and going to another planet, because clearly this planet’s gone bonkers.”
7. Cher 

The same goes for pop icon Cher, who wrote on Twitter that she would be moving to Jupiter if Trump wins. The “Believe” singer has appeared with Hillary Clinton at campaign events this year.