2. SwingTrades – these are longer in duration and seek larger returns that reflect Andrew’s core vaulted bullion positions. 
MaguireLive also offers a comprehensive weekly full market analysis which includes:- 
• Dissecting COT, BPR and other Government reports • Full Options analysis • An in depth summary of the prior Trading week and expectations of the upcoming week. 
MaguireLive also includes full access to our London Calling service, where members are invited to join Andrew as he starts his trading day. This early morning strategy meeting, presented in video form, is where he shares his analysis and expectations for the upcoming trading day. For those who would like to get more information and/or sign up you can do so by CLICKING HERE or emailing King World News 
London Calling will go live on February 1st-we are accepting subscriptions now. 
London Calling is an early morning closed video presentation prioritising the key market and currency information relating to the upcoming trading day and represented on Andrew’s charts which he explains throughout his concise video. 
Andrew analyses all relevant technical’s, chart patterns, pivots, trend lines, support and resistance levels and strips out all the unnecessary chart chatter so that the focus is on the most probable inflection pivots or trend lines for the up coming day which he presents in his London Calling video, saving you time by providing a clear, quick visual of gold and silver in all time frames. 
This service is aimed at fund managers, investors and traders seeking to take control of their own port folios without the associated fees . 
London Calling assists fund managers and professional traders to make educated, high probability low risk trading decisions for their portfolios, clients and trading accounts. 
The objective for London Calling is for members to start their trading day, armed with information they would have obtained after attending a morning strategy meeting at a trading bank enabling them to focus on the most probable short, medium or long term opportunities. 
London Calling includes:- 
• Analysis of all relevant technicals, chart patterns, pivots, trend lines and support and resistance levels. • Stripping out all unnecessary chart chatter so that the focus is on the most probable inflection pivots or trend lines for the up coming day saving you time by providing a clear, quick visual of gold and silver in all time frames. 
Plus information that you will not find anywhere else, by :- 
• Netting out the currency crosses that influence gold and silver short term trends. • Providing insight into the physical markets support levels. • Identifying potential sovereign and central bank activity. • Providing feedback from global trading desks. • Analysing the probable impact that first, second and third tier news events are likely to have on the markets. 
Andrew works toward having all of market information collated and ready to present in his video ahead of the Asian markets close and ahead of the London Open. 
Join our meeting this morning. 
This service is included in MaguireLive. For those who would like to get more information and/or sign up you can do so by CLICKING HERE or emailing King World News About author",1