2000 was an historic election: 
“THE COURT STEPS IN The Supreme Court actually interposed itself into the election contest three times. Only the last two are known as Bush v. Gore. In the first of these cases, Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board, the Court hoped to end the election crisis by putting a stop to the Florida Supreme Court’s decision to extend the time for certifying the vote past the period set by state law. But by the time the Court began hearing arguments in the appeal on December 1, the certification had already occurred. The embarrassed justices sent the case back down to the Florida Supreme Court, instructing the lower court to rewrite its opinion so that it would not create a conflict between state and federal law. 
A week later, the Florida Supreme Court ordered a statewide recount of ballots. Unlike its earlier decision, however, this one was not unanimous. With the Florida justices split 4-3, the U.S. Supreme Court once again exercised its discretionary appellate review jurisdiction and granted certiorari, or review, to Bush v. Gore. The day after the Florida Supreme Court had ordered a recount, the U.S. Supreme Court granted a temporary stay, or delay, in enforcing the Florida Supreme Court’s order. The U.S. Supreme Court justices, too, were narrowly divided, 5-4. The five justices voting in favor of the stay were the same five conservatives who had been moving the Rehnquist Court to the right for more than a decade. The first hearing of Bush v. Gore telegraphed to the nation what would happen if the Court took further action in the case. 
The Court’s third and final intervention in the 2000 presidential election came just days later. In its unsigned opinion, the Court explained that it had voted 5-4 to put a stop to the Florida recount. Allowing the recount to go forward, the Court said, would violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. The U.S. Supreme Court sent the case back down to the Florida Supreme Court, which had no alternative but to dismiss it. The presidential election of 2000 had been decided, in essence, by the vote of one Supreme Court justice. “ mtntrek3 
Yep, I remember that election…… counting and recounting, hanging chads, confusing ballots, etc. Some say that this election will be a landslide one way or the other. I’m not sure about that. To me it’ll probably be close. Whether it’s by a few hundred votes again or not, time will tell. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Good Leaders Like Churchill, Gen Patton and Gen MacArthur Are Hard To Find. They Say What Has To Be Said and Dont Give A “F” What Anyone Thinks….. 
Trump Is From That Mold…..He Has A Plan You Just Arn’t Listening To His Speeches….Borders, Trade, Constitution, Jobs, Factories, Illegals, Muslims, 1 st, 2 nd, 9 th Amendments etc etc etc etc etc etc etc …..What Does Trump Have To Do Drive To Your House And Sit At Your Kitchen Table for You To Get It….. mtntrek3 
I’m not hearing much if anything new except for tariffs. That would help? Maybe. To me it would just raise the prices on several things. Tax breaks for the corporations? Well…. another maybe. Seems as though it really doesn’t translate to that many more jobs. Guess the corp’s suck up the savings at the top w/o creating all that many new jobs. The border wall he touts is fantasy land fodder, as is renegotiating all trade deals. He’ll just wave his magic wand and do these things I suppose. It’d take probably 10-15 years to build a wall , not accounting for snafus along the way (illegals have been tunneling underground more all the time anyway)…… and I guess other world leaders will cave in to his wishes in trade deals just because “The Donald” is across the table from them. I’ve been hearing what he says…. in between all his extracurricular blah, blah, blah and his twitter escapades. When something sounds too good to be true……. . The guys is nuts basically. And…… no thanks, I don’t want him at my place. For that matter, Clinton either. I’ve heard enough of both of them the past several weeks. Trump/Clinton neither one as I see it. Neither one are my savior either. Take care again Bill. God Bless. Deplorable Twister Jones 
Thanks Bill, yours is one of the most succinct to the point posts for President Trump I’ve seen in weeks! You’re right, what the hell do these people hear? They don’t miss a lick when some dumbass spits out the lies about racism or hating women or illegals! They will soon learn to listen…soon enough!! Bill G Wilminton NC 
Trump says what has to be said ” I Am Not Politically Correct, Never Was Politically Corect And Never Will Be Politically Correct ”……. 
No One Has To LEARN To Listen Or March In Goose Step….Nor Speak German!!! df NJ 
We’re all going to die….of old age. mtntrek3 
Politics ……. s–t overall. To promote one side or the other is amounting to our demise. Hey…… I side somewhat left of center politically, but I see possible answers somewhere in the middle. Too far left or right is …….. not good. We’re all Americans, let’s meet somewhere towards the middle. If only…… . I think ideally that the left and right politically can check and balance themselves out. Nowadays……… not so much. Too far left and right. We can’t reach across the aisle due to the chasm that is. I go to the Bible for my indication of where we’re at….. and it’s getting late. Radical left/right….. umm, no thanks. Christ, He’s our Hope. df NJ 
There are two sides of the political spectrum. One side wants change. One side wants to keep things exactly the way they are. The side that wants to keep things exactly the way they are always wins. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Did You Used To Be A Writer For Professor Irwin Corey…..He Was The “Professor Of Double Talk” df NJ 
Power wants to preserve power. It’s not double talk. ALWAYSTOMORROW 
COUNTDOWN. Today, October 20, 2016. In 19 days I predict Mrs. Clinton will be elected our next president. df NJ 
Bill Clinton, first husband. LOL! 
If the Republicans want to win the White House in 2020 they have to run a gay guy. Bill G Wilminton NC 
If So, Goodbye USA……And Satan Will Applaud For This Abortion Loving, Perversion Loving, Drug Loving, God Hating Septic Tank We Are Stuck In…..Til Jesus Comes For His Bride !!! Salley Mae 
Why does the US fight ISIS and Al Qaeda in Syria by bombing Assad and arming ISIS (per the Wikileaks emails)? Meanwhile the Russians fight Al Qaeda and ISIS by bombing Al Qaeda and ISIS – all at the invitation of the Syrian government. I would like to know the REAL reason we have invaded that country and what is behind it. df NJ 
Our ME foreign policy is determined by the Council of Foreign Relations. The centerpiece to our foreign policy is the balkanization of the Middle East and the Arab World using groups like ISIS. ISIS is a CIA black ops organization. The goal is not to have any strong states or regional powers remaining. This is accomplished by bombing certain Arab countries back to the stone age. ISIS is needed to have a legal and moral justification for excessively bombing of the ragheads. The result will be no credible threats to the USA’s most important interest in the ME. Jerry C 
Globalist centralized bank. They installed one here in the U.S. in 1913. A few years ago, Iraq & Libya didn’t have one but now they do (sorry Saddam & Qaddafi). Syria doesn’t have one, so that explains why they’re after Assad. The few remaining countries left without a centralized bank is China, Russia, North Korea, Iran & Syria. After Syria, the plan is to go after Iran.",1