5985,,Mae,"This article is so confusing. In the first Quote: we see “it is very difficult to know exactly…” and “very likely to be…” and “it might be that…” and ” but we cannot be completely sure…”. Wow. So many assumptions, and no facts listed. And it has been proven in many studies that the brain functions better on ketones (from dietary fat) than it does on glucose, which the body does NOT need. In fact, ketones make the body as a whole function better and more efficiently. And now that so many people have lactose INTOLERANCE, let us not argue about our distant relatives adapting to eating dairy. Especially now that the dairy cows are fed GMO grains.
A diet based on clean, local, fresh fruits and veg as well as pastured meats is all anyone needs for good health. Grains and dairy are unnecessary for anyone, but may be enjoyed by everyone if it works for them.",1
5986,10 Things You Need to Know Before Seeing ‘Doctor Strange’ - The New York Times,Dana Jennings,"Even though he’s about to get the full Hollywood C. G. I. treatment, Doctor Strange has never been a superstar of the Marvel Universe  —   more like an endearing benchwarmer with a knuckleball personality and a wacky Cloak of Levitation. He arrived unheralded in 1963 in Strange Tales No. 110 as a     feature to the Human Torch. He was a slight,   afterthought dreamed up by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, who are better known for creating the Amazing  . Conceived at first in the cornball tradition of comics necromancers like Mandrake the Magician and Mr. Mystic, Doctor Strange gradually staked out a singular position as a master of the mystic arts and, eventually, Sorcerer Supreme. And unlike most Marvel heroes, who rely on their fists, he uses magic to defend Earth from malign, otherworldly threats like the   Dread Dormammu and the nefarious Nightmare. He finally got his own comic book in 1968, but it was canceled the next year. Not even Doctor Strange’s mighty enchantments could overcome poor sales, a sad hallmark of his      career. But now potential vindication is near. “Doctor Strange” opens Friday, Nov. 4, with Benedict Cumberbatch starring. Based on my many decades of   study, here are 10 things you should know before you see the movie. Magic, after all, can be exhilarating but befuddling. 1. HE’S A REAL DOCTOR Before draping his cape and waggling his fingers, Stephen Strange was a talented yet arrogant surgeon, driven by ego and ambition. So he’s your man, whether you’ve got a bad ticker or, as Jason Aaron wrote in the recent graphic novel “The Way of the Weird,” “your daughter started cursing in Latin and walking like a spider. ” 2. HE’S AN ALLITERATION ADDICT This is really the writer Stan Lee’s fault, but Strange can’t speak without racking up   points. His many munificent mutterings include: the Shadowy Shades of the Seraphim, the Seven Rings of Raggadorr and  —   who can forget?  —   the Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth. 3. HE’S GROOVY, MAN! In the 1960s and early ’70s, he did have a certain counterculture cachet. In T. Rex’s “Mambo Sun,” Marc Bolan sang, “On a mountain range, I’m Doctor Strange for you. ” A 1965 psychedelic concert in San Francisco was called “A Tribute to Dr. Strange,”  and he showed up on the cover of the Pink Floyd album “A Saucerful of Secrets” (1968). 4. HE’S A MERRY PRANKSTER, TOO Speaking of the counterculture, the doc also appeared in “The Electric   Acid Test,” Tom Wolfe’s nonfiction chronicle of the   trip taken by the novelist Ken Kesey and his   Merry Pranksters. Mr. Wolfe wrote of Kesey reading comic books, “absorbed in the plunging purple Steve Ditko shadows of Dr. Strange. ” The writer Roy Thomas later returned the favor, giving Mr. Wolfe a   in Doctor Strange No. 180 in 1969. 5. HE LIVES IN THE VILLAGE (OF COURSE) Stephen Strange’s   Sanctum Sanctorum sits in Greenwich Village at 177A Bleecker. Presumably it’s not too far from his preferred watering hole, the   Bar With No Doors. 6. HE’S A MAGICAL LADIES MAN Sure, he routinely saves the world  —   if not the universe  —   but Strange is also something of a cad and a hound. He’s been known to make out with any entity that’s vaguely female in form, including insectlike  . Really, he’s more likely to be killed by a spurned girlfriend than by one of his archenemies. 7.  HE’S NO ALI He prefers to hurl spells, incantations and mystic bolts, but Doctor Strange will engage in physical combat if he has to. He knows martial arts, but his weapon of choice (in this fleshly plane of existence) is a baseball bat wrapped in enchanted barbed wire. 8. HE KNOWS SUPERNATURAL BONDAGE One disturbing element during Strange’s Ditko years ( ) was how often Clea, the doctor’s love interest, was drawn bound and in poses of submission. But the Ditko biographer Blake Bell explained in “Strange and Stranger: The World of Steve Ditko,” that in the years he worked on the character, Mr. Ditko shared a studio at the corner of Eighth Avenue and 43rd Street in Manhattan with Eric Stanton, a fetish artist. Stanton was best known for his bondage work on comic strips like “Sweeter Gwendolyn” and “Confidential TV. ” Maybe something stuck with Mr. Ditko. 9. HIS MENTOR WAS NOT TILDA SWINTON In the coming movie, Doctor Strange’s mentor, the Ancient One, is played by a beguiling if tough Tilda Swinton. In the comics, Ancient is male, an archaic Asian relic who owns an I’    face that looks like a fossilized prune. Ms. Swinton’s version is Celtic, and the change was one of a number of developments that led to renewed controversy over Hollywood’s whitewashing of Asian characters. 10. HIS DEFINING ARTIST WAS STEVE DITKO Though he stopped drawing the character in 1966, Steve Ditko is still the definitive Doctor Strange artist. For four years Mr. Ditko imagined Strange’s netherworlds,   dimensions and   phantasmagorias. (It’s hard to believe upon reading Doctor Strange that Mr. Ditko also once drew the   bulk of the Incredible Hulk.) As the comics historian Dean Mullaney has written of Ditko, “He took the ethereal and made it tangible. ” And two books have just been published that provide full access to Mr. Ditko’s dreamscapes. “Ditko Unleashed” (IDW) is the generously illustrated catalog for a Ditko retrospective on display through Jan. 8 at the Casal Solleric museum in Mallorca, Spain, while the “Doctor Strange Omnibus” (Marvel) reprints his full, epic run on the character. As the Marvel artist John Romita Sr. who succeeded Mr. Ditko on   told Mr. Bell, “No one could do Doctor Strange like him. ”",0
5987,How To Reduce Stress,AZU,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter The root cause of stress is fear, as all fear is the threat of losing our attachments. If we’re attached to a desired outcome, anything that threatens it will be something we fear. The fear of losing control underpins stress, for example, and creates frustration over what can’t be controlled. As desirable as it is to be in a position of control, our attachment to it ultimately creates a fear that can manifest as stress, worry, anxiety, and panic. advertisement - learn more Fear brings disorder into our experience when it is within us, and it’s an energy that suppresses consciousness. Activation energy is the force required to get you from doing something when you’re on autopilot (such as habits, routines, procedural awareness, or relaxing) to doing something new. It is a manifestation of willpower. When we are in a state of fear (stress), our activation energy is diverted toward doing things to ourselves that are primarily against our will. Running late for work and caught in a traffic jam? You can either become frustrated and upset because you fear arriving to work late (which brings you no closer to your goal of getting there on time), or you can accept the present moment and use it as a learning lesson to leave earlier next time. You can also choose to enjoy the unexpected free time in the morning and listen to a podcast or some music. There are many choices you can make in that space of time that can affect or degrade even the most minute increments of your personal development. Stress causes you to divert attention and willpower away from your initial goal, bringing you no closer to it than when you began. In a state of stress and fear, your willpower gets diverted toward the threat, not the goal, and this is against your own best interest. Time is currency, so pay attention to what you spend your time on. advertisement - learn more Now of course there are valid situations where your willpower MUST be diverted toward dealing with the threat or there might not be any willpower left for you to use in the future! There are two types of fear: survival based fear and ego based fear. Ego fear includes fear of rejection, failure, humiliation, loss, uncertainty, lack of control, etc. These fears are not real, but may feel so to you. Ask yourself, what’s the worst that could happen? Is it death, the loss of freedom, a loved one suffering? If it’s none of those then you’re too attached to an outcome that is not essential to your wholeness. When we’re mindful of our awareness, extraordinary things await us on the opposite side of fear. Believe. Believe in what? Yourself? A higher power? Both? Believe in the truth of your situation by first accepting everything that is happening. You can’t move forward in a state of denial because denial is resistance. Then think about what you’re afraid of (an outcome, for example) and why it is making you feel afraid. What will you lose that is causing your anxiety? What is this thing that you’re holding onto that is vital to your security and wholeness? Fear should be an alarm, not a program. An alarm alerts you of danger, while a program controls and runs the show. When ALERTED by fear we can use the logic of our conscious mind to analyze if we are in any real danger, rather than allowing the subconscious mind and its primal instincts to impulsively control us. Even if we don’t lash out during times of stress and frustration, we may remain divided and chaotic internally, throwing emotional temper tantrums no one else sees. Do your job to parent yourself and take control of the inner child embedded in your subconscious mind (we all have one). Fear is an insecurity, and insecurity is the source of many malfunctions in the human condition. However, if it wasn’t for fear, we would never know who and what we really are. Fear is illusion. Life is designed to strip illusion from you by bringing you face to face with your fears again and again until you have no choice but to face them, release resistance to them, and become fearless. Once you become fearless you’re free from illusion because you have discovered the truth of what’s on the other side of your fear. We design our lives to run away from fear so we don’t have to feel it, but whatever we resist persists, chasing us into the corner. It’s understandable why we do this but it’s not helpful because this daunting tool that keeps offering itself to us is the tool of our expansion, the tool of truth if we are ready to accept it. You would be oblivious to yourself without fear, which makes it one of the greatest tools of awareness. You shouldn’t feel ashamed of it; regardless of how tough you are, every human being feels fear. People who suppress fear are glorified. Rather than suppress it, feel it and come to terms with it. This way you won’t feel the need to suppress it because you have already gotten to its source: truth. And the truth will always wipe out fear. By suppressing fear you’re ignoring your personal lesson. We often ignore what our emotional guidance system is trying to tell us because we don’t think fear is valid. Fear is a red flag within us that we should pay closer attention to so we can dig deep and find the source of that fear. Suppressing it is only ignoring the shadow, masking it as courage. We don’t examine the fear that we have; instead, we try to focus on anything that decreases the level of fear that we experience. Sometimes fear is legitimate and sometimes it is not, but we must always pay attention to it so we can get to the Truth of why it’s there. Fear of the unknown is also common. Since we know nothing about the unkown, what we actually fear is whatever we ourselves project into it. We think we know what potential negative thing the unknown might hold for us and we are running from the projection of that potential pain. We fear what we project into the unknown based on our previous experiences (mostly from childhood) of uncertainty and discomfort. The reptile brain seeks comfort, so anything that is uncomfortable alerts our primal survival drives. These red flags create anxious moments to our pleasure-seeking and pain-avoiding ego. When faced with the unknown, the mind goes to work projecting its already acquired fears into the unknown so that it can predict what lies there. It’s those projections that we fear. It’s not the unknown of that experience that it fears, it’s what it thinks it knows that experience will create. We need to be brave enough to face and admit to what we actually fear. This may sound counterintuitive, but everything we do, regardless of how stupid or damaging it is for ourselves, has a positive intention at its core. Anxiety responses aim to help us — usually to get us out of a situation, to protect us. Every behaviour that we generate, even if it’s detrimental to our long-term growth and happiness, has a positive intention behind it, and recognizing this will allow you to change the behaviour. Your subconscious mind wants to protect you but it doesn’t think long-term with respect to your growth and happiness; it reacts in the present moment, and wants to deal with the perceived danger NOW. The subconscious is always thinking about what’s happening now, and how to fix it now. It thinks, “How do I get out of it? How do I survive it?” While your subconscious mind is intuitive, smart, and integral to the mind-body system, it is also deeply irrational and has the cognitive capacity of a 10-year-old child. Ask yourself, would you let a 10-year-old run your life? We need to educate and guide the subconscious mind using its own language and worldview. The subconscious mind’s job is to keep you happy, healthy, and safe, so when you give it a way to understand that what it’s doing is hurting you, it will stop the behaviour. If the subconscious mind has to choose between safety and happiness, it will always chose safety. Self-preservation is its primary objective, to protect you and keep you alive so you can move your genes forward. Do not justify your fear. While something could have happened to you that created the fear, such as a traumatic event, you must still move beyond it. It may be difficult, but when you justify your fear, in whatever terms, you remain a prisoner to it. You give yourself a reason to hold onto the fear because you’re telling yourself that this fear is coming from the outside instead of its true source, the inside. Once you become aware of something, you have the choice and power to change it. Your belief systems determine your ability to overcome your fears. If you tell yourself, “I can’t overcome this fear,” you ensure this remains true. As long as you believe it, it will be True in your reality. The perception we have of ourselves is greater than the perception other people have of us. Your perceptions will determine how you will react, which in turn determines how long the fear will last in your life. Facing your greatest fears will be your greatest liberation. Your fears are your unresolved issues; once you get to the Truth of why they exist, you can resolve those issues and stop feeding the fears. We must let go of and reexamine what we think is good and bad because our perspective shapes our fears. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",1
5988,Re: The McAuliffe — FBI — Clinton payoff story just got a whole lot worse,Rossi Herbert,"— The Dishonorable DJT (@AceofSpadesHQ) October 27, 2016 
Remember that WSJ story we told you about on Sunday that reported on a Gov. Terry McAuliffe super PAC that donated to the wife of a senior FBI official who just happened to take over Hillary Clinton’s email investigation? 
Yeah … it just got a whole lot worse. Apparently Hillary Clinton herself was the one who raised the money for the super PAC that set off this entire chain of events in the first place! Alana Goodman of the Daily Mail reports: EXCLUSIVE: Clinton headlined fundraiser for McAuliffe group before it gave $500K to wife of FBI boss https://t.co/zOdL6yo8a2 
Not only that, but Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook used to work for the McAuliffe’s super PAC: 
Virginia election records show that Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook, a former McAuliffe aide, was also on the Common Good VA payroll before he joined her presidential campaign 
Another coincidence? Again, nothing to see here…move along, anoint her president and let's be done with it. Unreal. #tcot #lnyhbt https://t.co/pthO0dqqNr",1
5989,When Politics Became a Fashion Statement - The New York Times,Vanessa Friedman,"It was the year politics took over our closets, and clothes went beyond products to become positions. From the moment in early February when Beyoncé strode onto the field at the Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif. for the Super Bowl 50 halftime show followed by an army of backup dancers in outfits that paid homage to the Black Panthers to perform “Formation,” a song that was called the anthem of the Black Lives Matter movement, it was clear “fashion statement” was going to take on a whole new meaning in 2016. No longer was it enough to simply tell others what you believed you had to show them, too. And the simplest, most powerful, most public way to do that was via what you wore. In a world of white noise and factional cacophony, a world where the first line of communication is visual, clothes are our shared language. Whether you like what you see or not, you can read it. Once upon a time “political dress” meant the dress of the political class. In 2016, it became a term donned by everyone  —   and damned by some. Practically every month. In April, Laurence Rossignol, the French minister for women’s rights, fired the first salvo at what became the fashion lightning rod of the summer: the Burkini. Ms. Rossignol scolded designers from Marks  Spencer to Dolce  Gabbana for catering to the Muslim market by offering   swimsuits and   hijabs, accusing them of “promoting women’s bodies being locked up” to bolster their own coffers. Soon Pierre Bergé, the outspoken   of Yves Saint Laurent, stepped into the fray. A particular item of dress had become a symbol of the debate over the balance between enlightenment values and civil society, and whether freedom includes the freedom to wear whatever you want. By August, the issue had gone global and viral. Islamic women increasingly demanded they be accorded equal respect and treatment when it came to their clothing choices. The fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first Olympic athlete to compete for the United States while wearing a hijab. Then Anniesa Hasibuan, an Indonesian, became the first designer to pair a hijab with every look of her show during New York Fashion Week. Condé Nast International started Vogue Arabia. [See more Year in Style articles] It was but one sartorial story in a summer where wardrobes spoke as loudly as any words (and in turn spurred a lot of them). In May, in a nod to the opening of Cuba, Karl Lagerfeld took the Chanel Cruise show to Havana, becoming the first brand to stage a show in the country. The decision was not without controversy, since the average Cuban wage at the time was $25 a month and the brand had, it admitted, “zero business” there  —   but the trip did serve in focusing the attention of the 1 percent, at least for a moment, on the island nation. In June, British designers began to publicly declare their  “Brexit” stance using the London men’s wear shows as their soapbox, with one designer, Daniel W. Fletcher, not only staging a   outside the official show site but also dressing his protesters in “stay” hoodies and   and the Sibling designers Sid Bryan and Cozette McCreery likewise donning slogan tees to take their   bows. In July, W. N. B. A. teams led by the Minnesota Lynx and then the New York Liberty started swapping their usual uniform   for black   emblazoned with the slogans #blacklivesmatter and #Dallas5, among others despite individual and team fines from the league, the players persisted. Around the same time, a photo became a national symbol when a young woman in a flowing sundress faced down police in Baton Rouge, La. at a protest over the killing of Alton Sterling, and the visceral visual contrast between the Louisiana State Police troopers’ black riot gear and her graceful, nonrevolutionary summer frock crystallized the fault lines developing around the country. That month also saw the election of Theresa May, who became Britain’s second female prime minister, causing a torrent of stories about her fanciful footwear, which she proudly proclaimed was a tactical “icebreaker” in   meetings. And it was when Hillary Clinton formally accepted the Democratic Party’s nomination for president. Standing onstage at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Mrs. Clinton made history as the first woman to be a major party nominee for president, but in case you missed the import, her white Ralph Lauren pantsuit underscored the message. It squared the circle first drawn by suffragists in 1913 when they adopted white as one of their signature colors, and later traced by Gloria Steinem and Betty Friedan in 1978 when they wore white to the women’s rights march on Washington, and then by Geraldine Ferraro with her white suit accepting the Democratic   nomination in 1984. And so it went. By September, there was no holding back: The look of autumn was the look of the American election. New York Fashion Week kicked off the day with a benefit for Mrs. Clinton featuring a runway show for which Anna Wintour, editor of American Vogue, was a host Ms. Wintour wore a dress designed by Jason Wu featuring a mosaic of the different states in varying shades of blue. Opening Ceremony recast its presentation as a “pageant of the people” featuring not only models in shirtdresses and bomber jackets but also Natasha Lyonne and Whoopi Goldberg talking electoral issues  —   both accessorized by Rock the Vote volunteers. In Paris, Stella McCartney splashed female empowerment and antifur slogans such as “Thanks Girls” and “No Leather” over her lace and cotton loungewear. In October, the “pantsuit power” flash mob, 170 dancers strong, took to the streets in New York’s Union Square wearing, natch, a rainbow of pantsuits to demonstrate their support of Mrs. Clinton the resulting video has been seen over 91, 000 times. And on Nov. 8 those women who intended to vote for the first female president adopted both sartorial stratagems, and went to the polls in pantsuits or white or both to cast their votes. You didn’t even need to see the boxes they checked on their ballots to know where they were coming from. Though their candidate lost, the point remained, embedded in the fabric of social media and, now, recent history. The year may be over. But the change in our wardrobes  —   the change in how we think about the fabric of our lives  —   is just beginning.",0
5990,"Even Before the Wall, Migrants Find the U.S. Forbidding - The New York Times","Fernanda Santos, Kirk Semple and Caitlin Dickerson","SONOYTA, Mexico  —   Reiner Ríos Gómez, who is from Honduras’s capital, Tegucigalpa, lifted his shirt last week to expose a scar about 12 inches long in the middle of his back, where he said a machete hit him as he fled the robbers who were trying to steal his pay: 2, 800 lempiras, or about $119, for half a month’s work in construction. To escape that life, he set out for the United States on Jan. 15, making it as far as Sonoyta, Mexico, a city on the Arizona border where roadside stalls sell the camouflage clothes and backpacks that migrants use to cross to the other side. Then he called a cousin in Houston. “Why are you coming?” he said his cousin asked him. “They’re going to send you back. ” So Mr. Ríos, 33, settled down at a shelter in Sonoyta, unsure of what to do next. “I have nothing to go back to,” he said. “And I don’t know if there’s anything for me on the other side. ” Customs and Border Protection reported this week that the number of people caught trying to enter the United States illegally from Mexico had fallen in February to the lowest level in five years. The Trump administration said the sharp decline was a sign that its promises to hire more enforcement agents, deport more people and wall off the border were discouraging people from even trying to cross. In interviews with migrants, their advocates, and workers at shelters and soup kitchens in Mexico, the United States and Central America, few quibbled with the idea that President Trump had altered the climate for immigration. Indeed, it was clear that the ground had shifted on both sides of the border, and that the   route north to a better life had suddenly grown quieter, riskier and more desperate. Since January, occupancy at one shelter in Nuevo Laredo, across the border from Laredo, Tex. has fallen by about   according to its director, Aarón Méndez Ruiz. Other shelters in the United States and Mexico reported significant drops as well. Six Central Americans staying at Mr. Méndez’s shelter voluntarily surrendered to the Mexican authorities so they could be sent back home, he said, and about 40 more chose to return on their own. “That had never happened,” Mr. Méndez said. “People don’t return. ” In the Arizona desert, where blue flags flying 30 feet in the air mark where volunteers have left drums full of water, “there have been more water stations with no water use than usual,” said Stephen Saltonstall of the aid group Humane Borders. Last week, Ruben Garcia, the director of the Annunciation House, a shelter in El Paso, noticed that far fewer Central Americans were arriving than he was used to seeing. He asked those who did show up why that was. “One hundred percent verbalized some version of, ‘Your president,’” Mr. Garcia said. The drop in border crossings is encouraging news, the homeland security secretary, John F. Kelly, said in a statement, “because it means many fewer people are putting themselves and their families at risk of exploitation, assault and injury by human traffickers and the physical dangers of the treacherous journey north. ” At the same time, though, the dire economic and safety conditions that drive people from their homes have not changed. At Casa del Migrante  —   a shelter in Caborca, 80 miles from the Arizona border  —   Mainor José Portillo, a      from Choloma, Honduras, was waiting last week for his arm to heal. He injured it last month while trying to enter the United States. Because he had no money to pay his smugglers, he had agreed to carry a backpack filled with 50 pounds of marijuana. But he was spotted by the Border Patrol as soon as he crossed, he said, so he dropped the backpack and was able to outrun the agents and make it back to the Mexican side. Now he was trying to decide whether to try again. One thing was certain: He did not want to go back to Honduras. “The gangs killed my cousin, and they said I was going to be next,” he said. Attempting an illegal crossing into the United States has become even more of a financial gamble than before. Officials and immigrant advocates in several countries said the criminal groups that control smuggling had been empowered as they began marketing themselves to migrants as the only way to evade the increased enforcement. Smuggling fees from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, the   and   Northern Triangle of Central America, have climbed as high as $15, 000, advocates and officials reported, far above the average yearly income in the region. Some migrants who might once have headed to the United States for safety and work are instead looking elsewhere, including Mexico, Belize, Costa Rica, Panama and even South America. “If the United States isn’t a country that will provide the guarantees, they will go somewhere else,” said Vinicio Sandoval, executive director of the Independent Monitoring Group of El Salvador, a labor and legal rights organization involved in migration issues. But a number of migrants along the route were holding to the unrealistic hope that Mr. Trump would change his mind about them. Gustavo Adolfo Gómez, a    cabdriver, said he had left Choluteca, Honduras, on Jan. 15 after gang members sprayed the taxi stand where he worked with bullets, killing two of his colleagues. He arrived on Feb. 27 at the Pueblos Sin Fronteras shelter in Sonoyta. He said he planned to wait there a bit. For what? He was not sure. “Maybe Trump will close his eyes one night and God will touch his heart,” he said.   men and one woman slept at Casa del Migrante in Caborca one night last week, on rolled rugs and skinny mats under a frayed plastic roof that did not completely keep out the rain. Just a month earlier, the shelter was twice as full. Leonel Valderramas, 36, who stayed there last week, said he had departed in early January from San Pedro Sula, Honduras, the most dangerous city in one of the most dangerous countries in the world. He heard updates about Mr. Trump’s policies along the way, from fellow migrants who had boarded the same freight trains: “the wall, the raids, the deportation, everything,” he said. He hoped to make it to Houston, where he has friends. But then his wife called, telling him, “Si quieres, regresa”  —   come back if you want to. He had come too far to turn back, he said. “But,” he added, “what if I keep going and I get caught?”",0
5991,"U.S./al-Qaeda attacks school in Idlib, reportedly kills 22 kids, 6 teachers - blames Russia and Syria",nan,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 17:37 UTC © Omar haj kadour / AFP A Syrian man checks the damage at a school after it was hit in an alleged air strike in the village of Hass, in the south of Syria's rebel-held Idlib province on October 26, 2016. Almost two dozen children have reportedly been killed in an airstrike on a school complex in Syria's Idlib province, according to opposition activists . The reports emerged as the UN Security Council debated the dire humanitarian situation in the country. At least 28 civilians, mostly children, were killed when the strikes hit a school complex in the village of Hass, the activists said, pinning the blame on either Russian or Syrian warplanes . The Wednesday tragedy was first reported by the controversial two-man, London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the Western-funded Civil Defense Network, also known as the White Helmets . The opposition Idlib Media Center also confirmed a strike on a school, claiming a ""rocket"" struck the premises. Comment: Red flag number one. Abdulrahman (aka SOHR) is a fraud and a terrorist sympathizer (see: Propaganda spin cycle: 'Syrian Observatory for Human Rights' is funded by US and UK governments ). The White Helmets have the distinction of being actual terrorists (see: White Helmets Fraud: Terrorist Support Group, Not Humanitarians - But West Loves Them! ). They are liars, cheats, frauds, and killers. ""One rocket hit the entrance of the school as students were leaving to go home after the school administration decided to end classes for the day because of the raids,"" an activist said, speaking on condition of anonymity . The UN Children's Rights & Emergency Relief Organization has condemned the tragedy as a potential ""war crime,"" saying it is likely the ""deadliest attack on a school"" since the beginning of the Syrian war. ""Twenty-two children and six teachers were reportedly murdered today when their school compound was repeatedly attacked in Idlib, Syria,"" UNICEF Executive Director Anthony Lake said in a statement. He did not specify the circumstances of the attack or the sources of the reports. ""This is a tragedy. It is an outrage. And if deliberate, it is a war crime ,"" Lake added. ""When will the world's revulsion at such barbarity be matched by insistence that this must stop?"" Comment: UNSG Ban Ki-moon released an identical statement today, saying : ""The Secretary-General is appalled by reports of attacks that killed students and teachers in a school complex in Haas village, Idlib governorate, Syria on 26 October. If deliberate, this attack may amount to a war crime."" Earlier in the day, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova condemned the attack on a school in Syria's Idlib and called for an investigation into the bombing . She also said that international media ""launched an attack"" on Russia by claiming that Moscow and Damascus are behind the bombing without presenting evidence . Russia's ambassador to the United Nations, Vitaly Churkin, said that Moscow will look into the facts to determine whether a possible airstrike destroyed the school, as reports of the deadly assault have so far only been confirmed by groups with tainted reputations and questionable sources. © Omar haj kadour / AFP A general view shows a damaged classroom at a school after it was hit in an alleged air strike in the village of Hass, in the south of Syria's rebel-held Idlib province on October 26, 2016. Commenting on allegations that Russian jets could be responsible, Churkin said that Moscow will wait for the military to assess the situation. ""It's horrible, I hope we were not involved. It's the easiest thing for me to say no, but I'm a responsible person, so I need to see what my Ministry of Defense is going to say ,"" he said. In it latest daily bulletin , the Russian center for the reconciliation of the opposing sides did not mention striking any targets in Idlib province . Citing a military source, Syrian state TV did report that strikes had taken place on terrorist positions in the region, but the targeting of a school complex was not confirmed. Idlib province is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a conglomerate of rebel groups being run by Fateh al-Sham Front (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra). Under the truce agreed between Russia and the US earlier this year, Islamic State and Al-Nusra fighters will continue to be targeted in airstrikes until terrorists lay down their weapons. Comment: The Russian Foreign Ministry explicitly denied carrying out an airstrike on the school. Maria Zakharova: ""This is a lie. Russia has nothing to do with this dreadful attack."" The Defense Ministry followed up with their own statement, which unlike the paranoid ravings of SOHR and the White Helmets, actually included some evidence: ""On Thursday, a Russian UAV was directed to the area, to conduct detailed digital photography,"" said a statement from Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov. ""As can be seen from the photos taken by the drone, there are no signs of damage to the roof of the school, or craters from airstrikes around it ."" ""We have analyzed the photo and video 'evidence' of the supposed attack. The video published in a range of Western media outlets appears to consist of more than 10 different shots, filmed at different times of the day, and in different resolutions that were edited into a single clip,"" stated Konashenkov. ""The photograph published by AFP shows that only one wall of the school is damaged, and all the desks inside the classroom are in place . The outer fence seen through the hole has no traces of damage from bomb fragments. In a genuine airstrike this is physically impossible - the furniture would have been swept away by the blast wave, and there would have been damage marks on the classroom wall and the outer fence ."" © Russian Defense Ministry "" Our evidence points to UNICEF falling victim to another scam from the White Helmet fraudsters . Before making resonant statements, UNICEF should check its sources more carefully, to protect the reputation of the respected organization,"" continued Konashenkov. In addition, just as with the humanitarian aid convoy attack, Russian recon detected a U.S. drone in the area at the time of the attack: No Russian aircraft entered the area over the Syrian Idlib, where the alleged strike took place, [Konashenkov said]. ""According to a photo made by a Russian UAV, the school's roof is not damaged and there are no bomb craters in the area near the school. Similar information may be requested from our American colleagues. Russian reconnaissance means registered a US' MQ-1B Predator surveillance-and-attack drone .""",1
5992,Rising Tumult Over Principal at Elite Queens High School - The New York Times,Elizabeth A. Harris,"There has been a   and a rally, an allegation of “fake news,” a petition that garnered thousands of signatures and a chorus of outcry from elected officials. What is causing so much outrage? Townsend Harris High School, a   school in Queens, is getting a new principal. For several months, students, teachers and parents have made a forceful and public case against the school’s interim acting principal, Rosemarie Jahoda, who has held the position since the beginning of the school year. They have criticized her management style and interactions with students, and called for her to be replaced. In the past week, the conflict has only intensified. On Tuesday, the Queens borough president, Melinda Katz, sent a letter to the New York City schools chancellor, Carmen Fariña, calling for changes in the     process, which she described as “entirely shrouded under a veil of silence and secrecy. ” This was her third letter to Ms. Fariña on the hiring process and its impact on Townsend Harris. When a principal position is open, the superintendent selects three to five candidates from the applicant pool and sends them to members of the school leadership team, which is made up of parents, school staff members and the chapter leader of the teachers’ union. A committee from the leadership team interviews applicants and makes recommendations to the superintendent. The superintendent then consults with the leadership team, but does not have to choose the candidate it favored. This is all done in private, and members of the leadership team are required to sign a confidentiality agreement. “You can’t have true community input without allowing the community input to be public,” Ms. Katz said in an interview. Students working on the school newspaper, The Classic, filed a Freedom of Information Act request this week asking for the names of the 38 people who had applied to be their principal, according to Brian Sweeney, an English teacher and the school newspaper adviser. Although being appointed interim acting principal does not officially confer an advantage in getting the job permanently, some people familiar with the workings of the system believe that it does. Other public officials have also criticized the process and expressed concerns about Ms. Jahoda. Nily Rozic and David Weprin, two Democratic members of the New York State Assembly, said in a letter last week to the schools chancellor that they were “disappointed by the lack of community input during the selection process and the lack of engagement by your office. ” Their letter also raised concerns about a comment by an Education Department official that “fake news” about the situation at Townsend Harris was being widely circulated. The official, Fran DeSanctis, a representative for the high school superintendent’s office, made the comment at a district leadership meeting last week, the letter said. The Townsend Harris newspaper has aggressively covered the tensions at the school and Ms. Jahoda. Students on the school paper were outraged by the “fake news” comment, saying their own reporting accounted for much of the news being written on the subject. They published a public letter of their own online.’ ”“PolitiFact defines fake news as ’  stuff, masterfully manipulated to look like credible journalistic reports,’” the letter said. “Fake news is not poorly sourced journalism: It is wholly fictitious. Ms. DeSanctis is therefore not accusing us of being wrong she is accusing us of purposefully making up lies and reporting them as news. If we were fabricating our material, we would be able to leave school far earlier than we do. ”” ’Through the Education Department, Ms. DeSanctis declined to comment. Ms. Jahoda, who declined to be interviewed, said in a statement, “It’s always been my focus as a teacher and administrator to serve students, and it continues to be my focus at Townsend Harris. ” “While there have been many inaccurate allegations,” she said, “I want to move forward and serve all the students and families at Townsend. ” Ms. Katz, the borough president, said she was perplexed by how the conflict had spun so far out of control. “Whatever they’re doing right now, it’s not working,” she said of the Education Department. “No matter who they pick permanently, right now they’ve let it go astray. No one is answering the question of the kids and teachers and parents and alumni. ” Will Mantell, a spokesman for the department, said, “We value hearing from students, elected officials and school communities, and continue to listen to their feedback. ”",0
5993,"Today in History: Harry Truman Defies State Department, Recognizes Israel - Breitbart",Joel B. Pollak,"On May 14, 1948, U. S. President Harry Truman recognized the   State of Israel  —   over the vehement objections of the State Department, which was partial to the Arab states and lacked confidence that the Jewish state could defend itself. [Truman declared:  This Government has been informed that a Jewish state has been proclaimed in Palestine, and recognition has been requested by the provisional Government thereof. The United States recognizes the provisional government as the de facto authority of the new State of Israel. Truman’s brief telegram was an act of immense political courage. For months, his leading foreign policy advisers, including Secretary of State George C. Marshall, had been urging him not to recognize Israel, but rather to consider a prolonged “trusteeship” of Palestine after the British Mandate had expired. In brazen tactics reminiscent of the “deep state” methods being used by the federal bureaucracy against President Donald Trump today, the State Department even tried to tie Truman’s hands. As one of his advisers, Clark Clifford, later recalled: My fears about the State Department had crystallized after a bitter incident in March, when, without informing the President, it had permit ted the American delegation to the UN to reverse its support for partition and switch to trusteeship for Palestine  —   a contradiction of a personal commitment the President had given the previous day to Chaim Weiz mann, the Zionist leader who would later become the first President of Israel. Furious and depressed when he learned what had happened, Presi dent Truman wrote on his calendar for March 19, 1948: “The State Dept. pulled the rug from under me today  …    . The first I know about it is what I see in the papers! Isn’t that hell? I am now in the position of a liar and a  . I’ve never felt so low in my life. There are people on the third and fourth level of the State Dept. who have always wanted to cut my throat. They’ve succeeded in doing it. ” The State Deparment’s arrogance merely strengthened Truman’s resolve on the issue. Truman wrote to his sister on March 21, 1948 that the State Department’s “striped pants conspirators” had “balled up” the issue, but added that “it may work out anyway in spite of them. ” On May 12, Truman presided over a decisive meeting in the Oval Office. The State Department presented its case against Israel. Clifford was there, and spoke in favor of recognition. Secretary Marshall objected to his presence, adding: “If you follow Clifford’s advice and if I were to vote in the election, I would vote against you. ” President Truman did not make his decision known until the fateful day itself. The president’s staff made clear to the State Department that if it opposed him, Truman was prepared to fight a political war against it. Finally, the bureaucrats backed down. The diplomats at the United Nations were taken by surprise. Clifford notes their reaction in his memoir: “As The New York Times reported the next morn ing, ‘the first reaction was that someone was making a terrible joke, and some diplomats broke into skeptical laughs. ’” But reality soon set in. The United States had recognized Israel  —   and the Soviet Union did the same a few days later. Since then, the State Department has generally retained an   bias  —   partly because of the oil reserves controlled by Israel’s enemies, and partly because of the sheer number of Arab and Muslim states, which allows them to exert disproportionate power in many international institutions. The left’s embrace of the Palestinian cause has also affected the political culture in Washington. The consensus in the foreign policy community is that moves such as relocating the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem would launch  —   indeed, almost justify  —   a “third intifada. ” But for Truman, the issue of recognizing Israel was fundamentally a moral one. And he was not going to let any bureaucrat, or any foreign threat, stand in his way. As he wrote to his brother on March 22, 1948: “I think the proper thing to do, and the thing I have been doing, is to do what I think is right and let them all go to hell. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5994,Bombshell Report Exposes FBI Agents Trying To Get Trump Elected (TWEETS) – New Century Times,nan,"
According to Reuters: 
“The new emails turned up as FBI investigators were examining electronic devices used by former Democratic Representative Anthony Weiner in connection with an alleged “sexting” scandal. Weiner’s estranged wife, Huma Abedin, is a Clinton confidante.” 
According to two law enforcement sources, there is a group of investigators within the FBI’s New York Field Office – the office that discovered the recent Anthony Weiner emails – that are hostile toward Clinton – and it is believed that this faction is behind the recent media leaks about the ongoing Clinton Foundation investigation. 
One thing is for sure – if Clinton wins the election on Tuesday, the Democratic Party will undoubtedly be launching an investigation into the FBI, and it would be more than ironic if the most memorable scandal of the 2016 election ends up being about the FBI, instead of Clinton’s emails. 
Apparently, Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani – the former mayor of New York City – might have some involvement in it as well: 
It is a clear violation of the law by these FBI agents in an attempt to influence a presidential election. If any Democrats were thinking about staying home on election day, this should really inspire them to do the opposite. 
Clinton needs every vote now, as people are going to ridiculous lengths to make this election work for Trump, who is currently losing in the polls. Clinton is facing more opposition and obstacles than any presidential candidate has ever dealt with, and even those in power are abusing their authority to get her insane opponent into the White House. ",1
5995,Hillary Clinton Embraces Ideas From Bernie Sanders’s College Tuition Plan - The New York Times,Stephanie Saul and Matt Flegenheimer,"Hillary Clinton’s campaign announced a proposal on Wednesday to eliminate tuition at   public colleges and universities for families with annual incomes up to $125, 000  —   largely embracing a core position of Senator Bernie Sanders, who had pledged to make tuition at public institutions free for all students. While stopping short of Mr. Sanders’s vision, the proposal is likely to hearten many of the senator’s young supporters who had flocked to his insurgent campaign. Mrs. Clinton and her aides are working to unite the party behind her before the Democratic National Convention begins on July 25 in Philadelphia. She and Mr. Sanders have already discussed the importance of featuring the issue of the affordability of higher education prominently in the general election. Mr. Sanders, who has yet to end his candidacy and endorse Mrs. Clinton, praised her education proposal as a “very bold initiative” in a brief news conference in Washington on Wednesday, calling it a significant step for party unity. “The final product is the work of both campaigns,” he said  —   a clear sign of thawing relations between the two after a bitterly fought nominating contest. The policy proposals come as Mrs. Clinton has been engaged in intensely personal sparring with Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, and could be an effort to turn the page in her campaign a day after the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, was sharply critical of her “extremely careless” use of a private email address and server. Under Mrs. Clinton’s education proposal, the federal government would provide tuition grants to states that agree to put up some matching money. In some respects, the proposal was similar to one Mrs. Clinton made last year. At that time, however, she said she would expect families to make a “realistic contribution” to tuition payments. Also, borrowing a key aspect of Mr. Sanders’s plan, the new proposal appears to make tougher demands on states than her previous one. Education policy experts generally praised the new proposal, calling the requirements for state financial participation essential to reversing the drastic state cuts in higher education support. But some experts said details of the initiative  —   including exactly how it would work and be paid for  —   were sketchy, and raised concerns that some states would decline to contribute money. They also raised questions about the impact on private colleges and universities with small endowments that compete with state institutions. “To the extent that it borrows from the Sanders system of   matching, that’s a very significant step forward in our judgment,” said Barmak Nassirian, the director of federal relations and policy analysis for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities, whose membership includes many regional public universities. “The reason prices have gone up is that states have been withdrawing their support. ” F. King Alexander, the chancellor of Louisiana State University, who has advocated a state matching requirement in federal education funding, said the Clinton campaign had been in contact with him about the proposal. “The most important part of the plan is that the federal government plays a role in getting states to reinvest and keep higher education affordable at public colleges and universities,” Mr. Alexander said. “You can only play in the free college game if your state maintains its commitment. ” Mrs. Clinton had previously raised questions about that aspect of Mr. Sanders’s plan, saying it gave states the ability to opt out, just as some had done with Medicaid expansion. As recently as this spring, Mrs. Clinton scoffed at the idea that Republican governors like Scott Walker of Wisconsin  —   who has slashed state spending on the University of Wisconsin  —   would ever go along with Mr. Sanders and support state matching funds to qualify for his proposed federal tuition grants. She was almost surely right  —   and on Wednesday, a spokesman for Mr. Walker said the governor would not go along with her plan, either, seeing it as costly and ineffective. The Clinton campaign was struggling with the question of what would happen if some states refused to participate, said an education expert who was consulted on the plan. In addition to possible opposition from states that would not want to pay or that resent federal intrusion, the plan might face resistance from private colleges and universities that compete with public institutions receiving the federal money, even though it pledges $25 billion over 10 years to help historically black colleges and other private colleges with modest endowments. “Our biggest concern with it is how it limits student choice,” said Sarah A. Flanagan, the vice president of government relations for the   National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities. “It would put a lot of subsidies  —   well over $100 billion in new money  —   towards major economic incentives for people to go to their   public colleges, not even    public colleges. It certainly limits student choice. ” Mrs. Clinton had previously said she would raise the money for her education plan, estimated last year to cost $350 billion over 10 years, by limiting deductions for   taxpayers. The additional cost of the proposals announced Wednesday would be covered by closing tax loopholes, particularly those used by hedge funds and private equity firms, the campaign said. Mr. Sanders had said his plan to make college tuition free would have cost $70 billion a year, with   of that paid for by states. As part of her package of proposals, Mrs. Clinton, who speaks often on the campaign trail of her plans for   college education, is also calling for a   moratorium on the repayment of federal student loans. The move, which the campaign said would be carried out through executive action if Mrs. Clinton becomes president, would allow borrowers to refinance loans or restructure   debt. Mrs. Clinton is also pledging to restore   Pell Grant funding, her campaign said, in the hopes of aiding students seeking summer courses, and will also require that students work 10 hours a week to help pay the cost of their college attendance. If adopted, her initiative would take shape over several years, the campaign said, initially covering students whose families make $85, 000 a year or less. The threshold would increase by $10, 000 a year until it reached $125, 000 in 2021. The announcement arrives as Mr. Sanders and his allies seek to exert maximum influence over the official Democratic platform, hoping to push Mrs. Clinton to the left on a number of fronts. Adam Green, one of the founders of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, an advocacy group, said the announcement on Wednesday “should be welcome news for Bernie Sanders supporters. ” “This represents a doubling down by Hillary Clinton on the idea that if you’re a student in America, you should be able to attend your state’s public colleges or universities and graduate with zero debt,” Mr. Green said in a statement. “It would be smart general election messaging if the popular idea of   college with a   component gets enshrined in the Democratic platform. ” At his news conference on Wednesday, Mr. Sanders said: “I want to take this opportunity this afternoon to applaud Secretary Clinton for the very bold initiative she has brought forth for the financing of higher education. This proposal combines some of the strongest ideas which she fought for during the campaign with some of the principles that I fought for. ”",0
5996,Sen. Mike Lee: Conservatives Must Join President Trump as Champions of ’The Forgotten Man’,Neil W. McCabe,"Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee told an audience at Washington’s Heritage Foundation Wednesday that he is aligned with President Donald Trump’s populist conservatism and the president’s concern for “The Forgotten Man” —  a full reversal from stances he took in the presidential campaign when he adamantly opposed Trump’s candidacy. [“Donald Trump’s tabloid and   persona may be an artifact of America’s glib celebrity culture, but his presidency represents a substantive indictment of Washington’s political and policymaking consensus, very much including the consensus within the GOP,” Lee said. “It’s an indictment I  . ”  Lee, who was associated with conservative holdouts, said it was time to get with the program and recognize that Trump is working on the same problems they are working on. “Almost seven years ago, I first ran for the Senate as an   challenger against an incumbent of my own party,” he said. He added: Four years ago, I first came to the Heritage Foundation and urged conservatives to reconnect with the working families and struggling communities our party had too long ignored and I spent the bulk of my first term in the Senate advocating for policy reforms to help and empower the “Forgotten Americans” that Washington’s broken status quo was leaving behind. “President Trump’s peculiar brand of populist, nationalist politics is not what I had in mind. But nor must his election be the existential threat to conservatism, republicanism, and constitutionalism that many of his critics on the Right fear,” the senator said. The speech marked Lee’s progress from the loyal supporter of his best friend in the upper chamber, Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) who took the fight to candidate Trump on the platform committee and led the unsuccessful fight to unbind pledged delegates to the New York City developer. It was a move that could have freed   delegates unable to vote their will on the first ballot. In September, Lee rejected the idea of accepting Trump’s nomination to the Supreme Court. In October, Lee asked Trump to step aside from the GOP ticket after the Access Hollywood tape was released. In November, Lee said he did not vote for Trump, instead opting for Evan McMullin, a former senior aide to Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R. . ). After the election, the Utah senator made the trip to Trump Tower and met with the   for 90 minutes. The meeting went well enough for Lee to tell a Utah radio audience in January that if Trump asked him to be on the Supreme Court, he would accept the nod. The senator was the featured speaker opening up the foundation’s “Conservatism for the Forgotten Man” discussion. The discussion will be hosted by John Edward Hilboldt, the foundation’s director of lectures and seminars led by Yuval Levin, a Hertog Fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and editor at National Affairs and Heritage’s Salim Furth, a research fellow in macroeconomics. Lee said conservatives struggle with how to gauge how much government people really want and need. “Conservatives’ view of human nature and history tells us that in this life, there will always be problems and that attempts to use government to solve them often only make things worse,” he said. The natural skepticism for government action often proves conservatives are correct and much better at empowering citizens and communities to develop their own solutions, he said. “At our worst, though, we look indifferent to suffering and injustice because we may not see problems that require action. ” Deciding where, when, and how much to act is the constant frustration for conservatives, but with the November results, the struggle and frustration have been resolved, he said. “President Trump has already identified the problems that Americans want us to solve: Economic dislocation and insecurity. Inequality of opportunity, political marginalization, social isolation, and the cruel repugnance of a   elite insulated from all of the above openly contemptuous of their disconnected countrymen who are not,” he said. “These problems are why Donald Trump ran for president and why he won. ” Conservatives must recognize that millions of real people need help, and it is incumbent upon them to work with the president, he asserted. “Trump was elected to help those Americans. And conservatives  —   especially conservatives who had misgivings about Candidate Trump  —   have a duty now to help him see how and where our principles can serve his mandate,” he said. “While the Left rages and the Washington Establishment scratches its head, conservatives  —   we  —   can make a case for a unifying,    agenda. ”",0
5997,Report: Anthony Weiner to Plead Guilty on Charges of Sexting a Minor - Breitbart,Ben Kew,"Disgraced former New York congressman Anthony Weiner will plead guilty to charges that he sent obscene material to a    girl, The New York Times has reported. [Weiner, 52, will enter a guilty plea with the U. S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan on a single charge of sending explicit material to a minor. The girl alleged that he sent her nude photos, shared pornographic videos with her, discussed his “rape fantasies,” and requested that she undress and masturbate during video calls.  The crime carries a sentence of up to 10 years in jail, although it is likely that the sentence will mean Weiner becomes a registered sex offender, although a final determination is yet to be made. Throughout his political career, Weiner, who is married to close Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, has been embroiled in a number of sexting scandals. The first, exposed in 2011 by the late Andrew Breitbart and dubbed ‘Weinergate,’ led to his resignation from Congress and the issuing of a public apology. Then, in 2013, while running as a candidate for mayor of New York, more photos were published of Weiner sexting another woman under the alias ‘Carlos Danger.’ Despite the revelation, Weiner did not pull out the race and eventually finished fifth with just 4. 9 percent of the vote. Last October, Weiner checked into a sex addiction facility to overcome his urges, although he was reportedly forced to leave early having run out of money to pay for it. Now, Huma Abedin, who last year revealed she was separating from Weiner, is reportedly “working hard” to save the couple’s marriage. According to sources close to the New York Post, Abedin remains “in love” with Weiner, blaming the “pressures of the campaign and presidential race and him drifting off into obscurity” for his latest relapse. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5998,Exclusive Excerpt -- Adrienne Ross: ’Push Your Way to Purpose: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be’,Adrienne Ross,"Breitbart News head copy editor Adrienne Ross published two books on April 17,  Push Your Way to Purpose: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be and #AuntAlma Unleashed: Old, Bold, and Out of Control. Below is an excerpt from Push Your Way to Purpose.  Purpose consumes me. It always has. Who are you? Why are you? What will you? I began contemplating those questions when I was a young girl sitting in my bedroom and staring at pictures of music and television icons taped to my wall. But it started long before that. I entered the world with a mandate on my life. It was spoken. It was so. But I didn’t know.   I always had a feeling that something larger was calling me, though, which made little sense, considering that I lived in rather ordinary surroundings. The projects of the Bronx don’t exactly conjure up images of greatness. Later, after I moved to Long Island, a bright future may have seemed more likely to the onlooker —  like I was getting closer to the possibility of greatness, but even as I daydreamed, there was a nagging longing for more. But how would I make it happen? Isn’t that the question everyone asks? If you think not, think again. By 11, children have already begun wondering what their purpose is. By 40, adults have begun wondering if they missed theirs. We’re all consumed with purpose. Your neighbors are. Your   are. You are. We may not recognize it, but it’s there —  in the words we speak, the decisions we make, even the friends we keep. Everything points back to purpose and our longing for it.  What are the odds that we will fulfill our purpose, though? The answer has everything to do with identity, being able to recognize who we truly are. Unfortunately, many never come to this revelation. As a result, they live beneath themselves. Even those seemingly on top of the world struggle with identity.   I am writing this book because I have a message to share, one that will help you understand that there’s more waiting —  for you. No matter how low you’ve fallen or how high you’ve climbed, you’re marked for more.  This isn’t one of those name it, claim it, blab it, grab it, sprinkle a little dust, and you can have it   books meant to pump you up with hot air. Those books do pump you up, right before dropping you —  on your head. This book doesn’t tell you that reaching the place you were meant to be is    easy. In fact, it tells you the opposite. Some of it is difficult, but all of it is doable. My experiences provide keys to unlock the doors to your destiny and introduce you to   principles. My book is called Push Your Way to Purpose for a reason. Let’s just say the title also has a purpose. “Push” is a verb. Verbs are action words. You have to become a verb to grasp what the book’s subtitle promises to teach you: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be.  Nobody wants to push anymore. We want everything to be easy. But easy doesn’t bring us to destiny. I don’t believe it was supposed to be as hard as we have made it, though. God created us with basic instructions: BE. But “but” got in the way. We “but”  our way out of “be,” making excuses for being everything other than our best, and we made messes along the way. Some messes look like successes, while other messes can’t hide. Some people are so far down they can’t even imagine up. But most of the people we encounter are just your ordinary,      people. They’re not at rock bottom, and they’re not soaring on the clouds. They’re average, working, normal people. They’re parents, teachers, students, friends. They’re community members you see in the supermarket. They run for elected office. They change diapers. They’re you. They’re me.   So we’re in this together. We each have a purpose, and we can discover it, then fulfill it. It will require effort, a willingness never to settle for less than who we are meant to be. It may also require swallowing our egos if we think we have it all together and embracing our potential if we think we have nothing together. Wherever we sit on that spectrum, let us get up, raise our expectations, believe for more, and push our way to purpose. It’s time. “Name her Adrienne because she’s going to be a schoolteacher. ” I’ve shared this story more times than I can count, and for good reason: by the time I’m done telling the story, it always garners the desired response. What is that story, and what is the response? That’s the purpose of this chapter. It’s a perfect place to start because it sets the stage for the focus of this book.  Everyone wants to be successful. Everyone wants to believe that she was, in fact, born to be successful, that the   adage is true for her life: “The sky is the limit. ” Some would bet the farm —  or the   —  on it. It sounds good, doesn’t it? But it’s not true, or at least it’s not necessarily true. Like most things, it must be made to be true. You have to grab it and make it true in your life. The sky very well may be the limit, but so may the floor. It all depends on the level of your reach, the things you’ve chosen to embrace, the relationships you have —  and have not —  fostered. All these and more figure into your limit. You may be one of those whose life seems to be without limits, or you may be one who seemingly cannot catch a break. It could go either way because while there are circumstances that are beyond our control and    sometimes just happens, very often, the thing that happens to us is us.  One thing influencing our level of success is what we hear. When I say “hear,” I mean “listen to. ” Many words bump into my ear in the course of a day, but I don’t feed off of them all. There’s a huge difference between what I hear well enough to repeat and what I listen to and choose to eat —  to digest. I decide. And it makes all the difference in the world. Adrienne Ross is an author, editor, columnist, speaker, and former teacher and coach. She owns Adrienne Ross Communications and speaks at schools, churches, political events, and national and international service organization conferences. Ross’s first book is #AuntAlma: Raisin’ a Little Hell Heaven on Earth.",0
5999,Art Cashin,King World News,"36447 Views November 13, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE 
Art Cashin: Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services & CNBC Market Commentator – UBS has over $650 billion under management. Art has over 50 years of Wall Street experience, which gives him the ability to offer valuable insights to investors and traders. When he started in the industry, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was actually in the 700-800 range. He shares his analysis and gives the pulse of the market from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Art is one of the most respected people in the world when it comes to analyzing the action in the US stock market and provides an objective and unbiased view of the current market situation. His daily market commentary is read internationally by clients and peers. Biography from cnbc.com Art Cashin, CNBC Commentator & Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services Art Cashin is the Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services and a regular markets commentator on CNBC. Each trading day from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, he shares his analysis and pulse of the market with CNBC viewers. About author",1