7-Eleven, now owned by the Japanese company, Seven & I Holdings 
Gerber, now owned by the Swiss pharmaceutical giant, Novartis 
Firestone, now owned by the Japanese Bridgestone Corporation 
Trader Joes, now owned by German billionaires Karl and Theo Albrecht 
Dial soap, now owned by Henkel KGaA, based in Dusseldorf, Germany 
Really – wow I dont want to buy or use ANY of these products,,,, I thought i was supporting our community… Especially with Trader Joes which i Love……. BUMMMER Klenzade 
Nestles bought Gerber from Novartis two years ago. xander cross 
More proof that it’s white men that are sending the jobs to Europe and China. JoeD 
We all want the first world standard of living but no one is willing to pay more than the third world price. All of this is fine so long as it doesn’t come to my neighborhood! Colin 
I feel our country has two types of cities; the cities that are gentrifying, like San Francisco and Washington, DC, and the cities that are dying, like Camden and Detroit. Anonymous 
I didn’t know San Fran was doing well. Last I heard, their homeless population was really growing. Also, who can afford to live in California? Seriously, what kind of work are people doing that they can afford to live in California, New York, and New Jersey? Whenever I look at their home prices and what one gets for the money, I have to make sure I am sitting down to endure the shock. Sonar 
Both San Francisco and Washington DC have huge homeless populations and both cities are controlled by the wealthy Democrat elite. 1stworlder 
He meant Oakland. San Fran people found out they can up armor houses and pay 24/7 security guards for less than living in San Fran. Annette Smith 
Well said, Anonymous! As I’ve mentioned before, I am from San Diego. The cost of housing is ridiculous! El Pollo de Oro 
Colin: I’ve said many times that cities run by Democraps tend to fall into two extreme categories. You have the ultra-expensive, hyper-gentrified yuppie ghettoes like Boston, New York, Seattle, and Denver (the places where there is a Starbucks on every corner). And you have the crime-infested, rotting horror movies like Detroit, Camden, Gary, Newark, etc. Philly, where I live, is a combination of the two: it’s Starbucks and Whole Paycheck in some places and toothless crack whores in others. Orange Jean 
El P., I wouldn’t exactly place Boston in a “hyper-gentrified yuppie” category. The reason being, while there are plenty of neighborhoods and nearby cities (Cambridge for example) have large areas that are more often frequented by tourists that qualify – there are also large, horribly poverty stricken neighborhoods that are right up there with Detroit. 
I used to work in the heart of Roxbury, at the Boston Public Health Commission. Roxbury is a very high crime neighborhood of Boston, that looks like something out of a bombed out WWII movie. It was very dangerous to be there at night, I’m sure it still is… 
And even though a place like Cambridge is known for Harvard Square and plenty of hoity-toity neighobrhoods… it also has neighborhoods (some parts of North and East Cambridge for example) that are very high crime similar to Detroit. When I lived in North Cambridge back in the mid-70s and my son was in grammar school… he told me he was afraid of the gangs they had, little kids in 1st and 2nd grade… holding up little old ladies at knife point. El Pollo de Oro 
Matter of fact, a good friend of mine grew up in Roxbury (the North Philly of Boston). I know that some parts of Dorchester are also really hard. But I think that overall, Boston has a much higher “Starbucks factor” (as I call it) than Baltimore, for example. Baltimore has a handful of gentrified neighborhoods, but most of it is a war zone. 1stworlder 
By gentrifying you mean white people with no kids moving in. Imaplaneiac 
Fellow bloggers, a few days ago, I found that the RNC has restored e-mail capability to their web site: http://www.gop.gov . It was removed from their site after the Nov 2012 so-called Presidential ” Election “. I had then wrote the RNC TWICE supplying them with links to reports of WIDESPREAD voter fraud. The RNC FAILED to reply to BOTH of my reports!? But they DID delete e-mail capability; preventing comments from alarmed Americans such as myself! So, the other day, I BLASTED the RNC. YOU may want to do likewise; especially following CAVER Boehner’s recent tirade about the Tea Party! His remarks leave NO DOUBT that he is complicit with the objectives of the DEMONcrats! By his actions … he REGULARLY kisses their rings and CAVES to them! Mondobeyondo 
Your town or city is next. Trust me. You’re in the crosshairs. 
Camden today, Des Moines tomorrow, Hellfire1968 
and Baltimore the next day. hero 
I used to live in Philly & consider it my 2nd home. Whenever I rode PATCO & passed through Camden, I broke my heart looking at deserted homes & empty city blocks. Absolutely no economic activity & all I hear on Action News was about people going there to buy drugs. 
It is true…When Blacks & Hispanics moved in, whole neighborhoods got destroyed & Camden never recovered from it. North Philly & West Philly are beginning to look like Camden but time will tell. Mondobeyondo 
I’ve never lived east of the Mississippi River. I do not know what life is like in New York City, or New Orleans, or Philly, Detroit, etc.Can’t speak for those places. I’ve HEARD of Cabrini Green, the Detroit projects, etc. Personal experience? Zero. 
Is it really that bad in Philly? Because it’s bad here in Phoenix, Arizona. If you are looking for the promised land, don’t come here. You won’t find it here. 
Phoenix is suburbia gone berzerk; Las Vegas is suburbia gone berzerk with casinos. I live in one, been to the other often. Anonymous 
New Orleans does not look like it ever recovered from Hurricane Katrina. IMO it looks like a third world country now. NOLA used to be a beautiful city that could rival the beauty of Savannah. Now you don’t want to go outside the tourist areas in NOLA or Savannah IMO. grumpyhillbilly 
The positives for Philadelphia is it has very good med schools and universities. Pharmaceutical companies do research with the med schools, but prefer to work outside the city There are a few posh neighborhood, but they are increasingly getting invaded by criminal. Other than that its a decaying dump. Get past the historical areas and center city, I don’t think they’ve picked up the trash for years. By they – I mean the unioned city trash collectors. Kill a cop – you’ll get swift justice, but don’t bother that union for results in any other circumstances. Many buildings are crumbling. If you look at them side way you can still see there onetime grandeur. If it weren’t for the state, Philadelphia would have likely been the first city to have declared bankruptcy. The schools are teetering on whatever collapse you can think of. But the city Democrat machine is doing quite well. As is the union leadership, despite their dwindling membership. Corruption is thriving. El Pollo de Oro 
Mondobeyondo: Philly is a tale of two cities. You have the crime-infested, dilapidated Philly (Kensington, North Philly, Germantown, Strawberry Mansion, Frankford), and you have the expensive gentrified areas that are full of yuppies with a Starbucks everywhere you turn. I know people here who are doing really well and others who are barely scraping by. Cities run by Democraps range from ultra-expensive places like Boston, San Francisco and Seattle to hellholes like Camden and Detroit, and Philly has both extremes. And such extremes are to be expected in a Third World country like the BRA. Sonar 
Middle class families have been largely priced out of San Francisco and Seattle. Both those cities have a small wealthy Democrat elite who run everything and a lot of poor and homeless people who are totally dependent on government handouts like welfare, food stamps and rent subsidies. Anonymous 
Detroit wasn’t destroyed. It committed suicide. MeMadMax 
We paid for NAFTA and all the other so called “free trade” agreements with out country… Rene Girrard 
Thanks Michale for posting another great article. I’m afraid you are so right that the middle class is dying. Why is there no talk of this on the MSM or even internet news sites? A couple in their 50’s just moved out right below me. They wanted to move to some place cheaper so they set u their 35-foot camper at an RV park just north of Ft. Worth. They are paying $300/month for the space, electric & water. It is far cheaper than what they were paying here at the extended stay hotel. There is also an article on Drudge now about people living in their RVs in NYC. I think this may be a trend in the future. smallergovnow 
I’m considering doing just that. sell my house, buy a fifth wheel trailer and piece of land in the country… Anonymous 
When enough people do it, this too will become unaffordable. xander cross 
Funny how all of the companies that was sold to other countries are were sold by white men. So once again, who exactly is sending the jobs to other countries? The answer is WHITE MEN. Guest 
Welcome back sander floss! We missed you…NOT!! xander cross 
I see you yet again and of course, you cannot refute my statement. Sonar 
We see that you cannot substantiate your racist and bigoted comments. xander cross 
Pot, meet kettle. luchia 
Maybe, they “unionized” themselves out of a job. The owner of a company, didn’t want to pay union wages, got his goods made for cheaper outside the USA. Anonymous 
Yeah, who wants to pay those working class people a wage they can actually live on? How dare the workers form a union. How dare those workers demand humane working conditions and hours. Instead of forming unions, workers should have just jumped in front of their employer’s gunfire at Blair Mountain. Instead of forming unions, workers should have just been quiet and and happy about the company heads that do little real work becoming billionaires off of other people’s work and back. Meanwhile, employers have found a way to get free labor through internships and volunteering. 
Americans work more than any other industrialized country. Americans deserve to be paid for their time, hard work, and their backs. No single person at any company should be making 7+ figure salaries. Every employer screams “We are a team” until it is time to cut the paychecks. Then, they pretend that some people on the team are less valuable than other people on the team. Malcolm Reynolds 
In case you didn’t notice with all that leftist pap and whining, wages seem to be directly proportional to skills. 
If you’re a moron whose job can be filled by basically calling out “NEXT!”, you can expect to make peanuts. If your job is very hard and there are very few of you, you can expect to make boat loads of money. 
This is called life honey boo boo. Now go flip a burger, make a buck. Snore! Anonymous 
So, are you suggesting a CEO should “be paid peanuts?” What specific “skills” do those at the top of the food chain possess to justify their salary? Have you ever watched them come down from their temperature controlled offices to attempt to do the real work on the show “Undercover Bosses?” Malcolm Reynolds 
LMAO! You make minimum wage doncha? DiscouragedOne 
Do you have any actual experience and facts to base your conclusions on, or you ACTUALLY believe what is on reality shows is real. Man, this country is messed up! Anonymous 
I guess it is better for employers to be allowed to treat workers any way they want to. Perhaps working conditions in the USA should be as they are in China; where some factories have had to place suicide nets to catch the workers that are so miserable they are flinging themselves out of the windows. Is that a better solution than workers forming unions? Malcolm Reynolds 
BTW, you’re clearly advocating a govt corporate blending, which is Fascism and is what currently exists in this country.. Gay Veteran 
profits are easy when you have slave labor in China MrsBulldoggy . 
You think all the evil in the world is perpetrated by white men? You are a racist, bigoted fool! There are many examples of narcissistic, evil murderers in this world that were not white: *Blacks in Rwanda committing mass genocide in 1994 (nothing to do with white men) *Pol Pot in the 1970’s exterminating anyone who would not turn to communism in Cambodia (nothing to do with white men) *Kim Jong Un and Il starving and murdering their own people (nothing to do with white men) *Chairman Mao murdering 50 Million+ of his own Chinese people during the 20th century (nothing to do with white men) *Arabic Muslims in Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iran and other middle eastern and north African countries slaughtering non-muslims because they are infidels (has NOTHING to do with white men) The list goes on and on and on. Crimes against humanity have happened in history against all people of every color and creed by all people of every color and creed. Evil is not the sole domain of white men, evil comes in all shapes, sizes, colors, genders, religions, non-religions, creeds. To put forth otherwise makes one look like an illiterate fool that is spouting racist, bigoted rhetoric. BTW, you don’t know if all these people are white or not, Xander. The wealthiest man on Earth right now is a MEXICAN (NOT WHITE MAN) named Carlos Slim. He has his hands in everything just like all the other wealthy men and women who are billionaires. Pull your head out of your southern orifice and get a clue… xander cross 
I see you failed at reading. I never said all evil are perpetrated by white men. I said that white men sent the jobs to china for over 30 years and still do so to this very day. So, white men are the problem. MrsBulldoggy . 
No, Xander you fail at logic and critical reasoning. You have problems, seriously, Xander. Mental health issues that I do not wish to deal with nor am I qualified to handle. I just feel sorry for you and your insane, inane and seriously deranged rantings and ravings. Nothing else to say except God Bless and get some help as soon as you can. xander cross 
I feel that you’re going to need help when white men finish sending the jobs and resources to china and then send them water resources as well. Lets see how funny this is going to be. Sonar 
xander cross appears to have forgotten to take medications today to control delusional thinking? xander cross 
Why are you continuing to promote medications in China? The fact that you know that your medicine companies are sold to china now, suggest to me that you need mental help. xander cross 
Every company that Michael has listed was sold by white men. So once again, white men are the ones that sending the jobs to China for greed. So, this proves to me that white men turned china into an economic superpower. luchia 
Maybe, they got sick and tired of dealing with all the union b.s. Malcolm Reynolds 
racist. xander cross 
So who exactly sold all of the jobs to china then? The answer would be white men. Malcolm Reynolds 
Think deeper. I know it’s hard for someone whose posts litter this page like so much garbage and cant get past the color of someone’s skin, but give it a shot anyway. 
Apply whatever electrons you manage to get firing towards govt and redistribution of wealth and then get back to me. Sonar 
xander cross is delusional again ConcernedAmerican 
Excellent article. Thank you for making the points about education and it’s cost. I recently read that Rockefeller took a 10 WEEK course to become a bookkeeper. How did we go from needing 10 weeks to begin a career to spending half our lives in school before we can begin a career, or a family? Mondobeyondo 
Michael is right. The middle clTass is dying. It doesn’t have to be that way, but we kind of chose our fate. Too busy listening to Lady Gaga, and following her example to the T. 
That stands for Trouble, and that rhymes with 
Okay, that’s enough 
As I was saying, Lady Gaga. She lives for the applause, and she’s in love with Judas. If she is your example of Miss America, well… 
; DiscouragedOne 
I don’t listen to Gaga and am not familiar (nor will I ever be) but I do remember “t and that rhymes with p and that stands for pool”, she sounds like a copycat. Mondobeyondo 
Camden 2013? Looks more like Warsaw 1943. El Pollo de Oro 
What’s the difference between Berlin in 1945 and Camden in 2013? Berlin in 1945 looked a lot better. FounderChurch 
We have. Cursed God and now it’s time for America to die and go to hell. We’ve killed our children with demonic Birth Control and refuse to repent. It’s all over. Pablo Solano 
Really. We need more people? Why didn’t I think of that. FounderChurch 
The answer to your question is: We need more of THE RIGHT KIND, and fewer of the wrong kind. 
By that I mean dumb America haters and I think you would qualify on both counts. 
Why do you pretend to be so dense and dumb? You know what I meant to start with, and if you are too slow to get it, well then, I just told you. Pablo Solano 
How very Christian of you. And who decides who are the RIGHT kind of people, YOU? What in my comment leads you to believe I hate America? Dumb and Dense? coming from an individual who believes in a supernatural spirit that hears prayers. Yer right. FounderChurch 
Being an admitted Atheist you have no standing to correct any Religious Believer. Stick to your own kind, and be kind to everyone else. 
As to evaluating who are the right kind of people, just about anyone’s opinion would be better than no opinion or standards at all. 
We have standards people have to meet for thousands of things, rights and privaledges, why not standards for being a parent? Got anything against that? Afraid you could not muster up? I doubt you have any children or would ever want any. Just guessing. Your object is to prevent anyone else from having any children. GSOB",1