8. Chelsea Handler 

The comedian and talk-show host said she had already made a contingency plan in the event of a Trump win.
“I did buy a house in another country just in case,” Handler said in an interview on ABC’s Live with Kelly and Michael in May. “So all these people that threaten to leave the country and then don’t — I actually will leave that country.”
9. Samuel L. Jackson 

“If that motherf*cker becomes president, I’m moving my black ass to South Africa,” he later told Jimmy Kimmel.
10. Whoopi Goldberg 

The comedian and The View co-host has repeatedly trashed Trump on the ABC daytime talk show.
“Listen, he can be whatever party he wants to be,” she said during an episode in January. “What he can’t be is he can’t be the guy that says it’s your fault stuff isn’t working. That’s not the president I want. Find a way to make stuff work.”
“Maybe it’s time for me to move, you know. I can afford to go,” she added.
11. Neve Campbell 

The Scream and House of Cards actress said she would move back to her native Canada if Trump wins the election.
“They see someone off the cuff and broad, and they think ‘ok, that’s the voice we need, just someone honest,’” Campbell told the Huffington Post of the motivation behind the Republican candidate’s support. “But his honesty is terrifying.”
12. Keegan-Michael Key 

The Key and Peele star also said he’d flee north to Canada in the event of a Trump presidency.
“It’s like, 10 minutes from Detroit,” the comedian told TMZ in January. “That’s where I’m from; my mom lives there. It’d make her happy too.”
13. George Lopez 

“If he wins, he won’t have to worry about immigration. We’ll all go back,” the Latino comedian and TV star told TMZ shortly after Trump announced his candidacy in 2015.
14. Ne-Yo 

The R&B singer said he’d be moving to Canada “straight away” if Trump wins.
“Me and Drake gonna be neighbors if Donald Trump becomes president,” the singer told TMZ in October.
15. Rev. Al Sharpton 

The civil rights activist told attendees at a Center for American Progress event in February that he would be looking for flight reservations if Clinton did not triumph on Election Day.
“I’m also reserving my ticket to get out of here if he wins. Only because he’d probably have me deported anyhow,” Sharpton said.
16. Raven Symoné 

The former View co-host and Disney Channel star is probably already on a flight out. During a February episode of the talk show, the actress said she would move to Canada “if any Republican gets nominated.”
17. Amber Rose 

Where would she move? Unspecified.
“I can’t even think about it! I’m moving, I’m out! I can’t. And I am taking my son with me!” she told US Weekly.
18. Ruth Bader Ginsburg 

The Supreme Court Justice claimed she will move to New Zealand.
“I can’t imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president… Now it’s time for us to move to New Zealand,” she told The New York Times.
",1