, Post-Election To-Do List,DavidSwanson,"Posted on November 7, 2016 by DavidSwanson  . Stop the efforts to ram through the Trans-Pacific Partnership during the lame duck.  . Stop the efforts to ram through a supplemental war spending bill for assorted future wars during the lame duck.  . Stop the efforts to repeal the right to sue Saudi Arabia and other nations for their wars and lesser acts of terrorism during the lame duck.  . Build a nonpartisan movement to effect real change.  . Ban bribery, fund elections, make registration automatic, make election day a holiday, end gerrymandering, eliminate the electoral college, create the right to vote, create public hand counting of paper ballots at every polling place, create ranked choice voting.  . End the wars, end the weapons dealing, close the bases, and shift military spending to human and environmental needs.  . Tax billionaires.  . End mass incarceration and the death penalty and the militarization of police.  . Create single-payer healthcare.  . Support the rule of law, diplomacy, and aid.  . Invest in serious effort to avoid climate catastrophe.  . Apologize to the world for having elected President Clinton or Trump.  . Build a movement that includes all the Democrats eager to get active.  . Build a movement that includes a focus on rights of refugees / immigrants  . Build a movement that resists racist violence at home.  . Demand a swift end to NAFTA and NATO.  . Oppose all the horrible nominations for high offices.  . Break up the media cartel.  . If win came through voter suppression, seek prosecution immediately.  . If win came through fraudulent counting, launch massive campaign to compel Democrats to admit it and protest it.  . Build a movement that includes all the Republicans and Libertarians eager to get active.  . Build a movement that includes a focus on rights of refugees / immigrants  . Build a movement that resists racist violence directed at nations abroad.  . Demand serious action on climate change.  . Oppose all the horrible nominations for high offices.  . Break up the media cartel.  . If win came through fraudulent counting, support Trump’s noisy denunciation, and if it did not, then reject Trump’s noisy denunciation.  . Support the independent media that made this possible.  . Support all the wonderful nominees for higher office.  . Help people in other countries turn their disastrous political systems around too.  . Volunteer for public service. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . Vote as if your life depended upon it, because it does. → WillDippel  Here is a look at one of the most ironic emails released from Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman’s computer by Wikileaks:",1