911 was meant to blame Muslims for everything connected, but the jews and neocons were behind 911, along with the Saudis. This was, however, a distraction so the real bad guys could install people like Obongo and let his destructive agenda destroy us, choke us in debt, focus on homosexuality, same sex butt banging, etc. While we were occupied with the distractions, the real bad guys did their thing and now have us on the precipice of total destruction and NWO marginalization. If you voted for Obama, YOU are part of the problem. GV 
“…focus on homosexuality, same sex butt banging….” 
ever obsessed with Teh Gays Paul Patriot 
Amen. This Is why I am convinced Hitlery will be the next president. It’s all apart of the plan to destroy American Constitution and sovereignty during her “reign” 
She is what the sheeple, illegals and liberal, progressives are calling for, and the Lord will oblige the desires of those who mock, blaspheme and spit in the face of the God of our heritage, “nature’s God” 
Nothing will change until the pulpits start preaching Truth and a nation repents JC Teecher 
All is going along with the prophetic word and the nations are aiding and abetting to the “fullness of the Gentiles”, (islamic peoples). JC Teecher 
The pulpits, for the most part, are bringing about the apostasy. sad 
No, the church wants to be liked and civil in this matter. Sin is a three letter bad word. Churches are more interested in”community” and not scaring people off with the truth. Unfortunately, that is the majority of churches today.They didn’t scare me. The only truth that scared me was Hell and I was scared into the kingdom by God’s love for me a sinner. That He died for me to save me. Don’t hear much about that these days. Politically incorrect. on the way to Hell. Jerry C 
Actually, I’d say sin is a five-letter word, death. lol watchmannonthewall 
I somewaht agree with you regarding God’s move against the US, but I tend more towards 9/11 being one of a couple of disciplines and warnings, the 2008 meltdown was the other, regarding coming judgment on the nation rather than it actually being a judgment. If Athaliah becomes president, she will be just like the real Athaliah; narcissistic and paranoid, and her rage will extend to “Christians”. She is power hungary and has a self destruct button that will take all with her. At that point, I think it quite likely the warnings of the destruction of America by about 2020-21 will probably occur. Joe Trevors 
I believe we are experiencing the End Times battle between the Body of Christ & the Body of Antichrist. Our war is not against flesh & blood but against the spiritual powers on high. Yes, Kent, you do see how our nation is being transformed by the installation of leaders in our society who are following the Antichrist. But also our nation is filled with millions of people who are following the Christ. One way I see this is to view Islam as the Trojan Horse to bring down Christianity. Yes, it is bringing down the Church but it cannot hurt the Head of the Church, Jesus, so it is making war on the Body of Christ, the members one of another. You can today how Islam is being used by our government to destroy the Church in Syria? Muslims are killing Christians & other Muslims in Syria. NowAlive 
Perhaps Mr Cahn is right. It’s an interesting premise, to be sure. What I will say is that the idea that “none”, meaning no pulpits spoke out against homosexual marriage, is simply wrong. Many spoke of judgment because of it. But you are certainly right about vipers filling the most pulpits. They are indeed blind. Alas that the Baby Boomers now run this country…off a cliff. GV 
“…During the homosexual marriage issue how many pulpits came out against this abomination? None….” 
Pharisee, fixated on genitalia while remaining SILENT on American war crimes around the world 
She is the next president of America. Joe Trevors 
Only God knows who will be the next President. It is important for us to pray to the Lord & trust God as we say the Lord’s prayer in part, “Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven”. We need our faith more than ever during these days of tribulations. God can do anything he wants. God answers our prayers but we do not understand how he answers us, do we? Oz Steamer 
She looks likely to be the LAST President of the United States. Jerry C 
Why would TPTB collapse the economy on one of their own? My gut says they want a white conservative Christian male at the helm to blame it on, so Trump is the man of the hour. Next feast on God’s timetable is Feast of Trumpets (the last Trump believers are watching for); coincidence? I think not. Brian 
I will not be voting because the next President, Hillary has already been “selected.” Hillary with a satanic grin on her disgusting face will be taking our guns, and sending us to FEMA camps. I have No doubt that these are the End Times! God bless eveyone. Steeve Girard 
Vote for a “third party” candidate. If you do not vote, your voice will be dissolved in the remainders who will vote. check your list of candidates. Joe Trevors 
Why don’t you vote for Donald who is not corrupt like the career politicians? alan 
Looks like she been selected to be the next president. Now just figure out how to get rid of Trump. I suspect as a last resort the election will be thrown to her in November. Its just like we are living in an African country. Steeve Girard 
The USA is a third world country since 2007. Creepy Pedro 
Since 1913. guest 
I heard all sorts of platitudes about what an upright, honest, law and order guy Comey is. There was going to be a revolt in the FBI, remember? He’s just another flunky political appointee who caved in like a house of cards. Judges have never accepted Ignorance of the law as a valid defense if your a plumber or a pizza cook but if your a lawyer and Secretary of State it’s acceptable. My mailman could have told me that server and private email account were illegal and erasing those 30,000 or so emails was destroying evidence and obstructing justice. The Clintons, Lynch and Comey have utterly disgraced the system and themselves. SnohtBlossom 
HIllary 2016! guest 
And Lynch for Attorney General and Comey for FBI Director!! Now lets see…Who can we get for Ambassador to Libya? Bill G Wilminton NC 
If it Is God’s Will Trump Will Be The Next President….Pray For Our Country….And the Safety Of Trump. 
God’s Ways are Higher Than Our Ways and Gods Thoughts Are Higher Than Our Thoughts. 
Shalom Randy 
Oh, it’s because this god is on duty 24/7/365 that the Pope rides around in a box made of bullet proof glass?!?! If there was any man or woman who you would think of as having some kind of Divine protection, it would be this god’s right hand man, right?? Mark 
The pope is the head of the Roman Catholic Church. Jesus Christ is the head of the true Church. They have little more in common than the word Church. Steeve Girard 
And Jesus, God, Allah are “wieners”, relics of the first cult of humanity which worshipped sex. Mark 
Steeve, God has written a psalm just for you and all who believe as you do. Read Psalm 2 in the KJV, the true Words of God. One day God will laugh at you and deride you. Exercise your free will wisely. Bill G Wilminton NC 
At the Right Hand of God Sits Yeshua (Jesus)…. 
The Pope is the head of a Religious Organization called The Roman Catholic Church. Chris 
pope is not God’s right hand man. Jesus is His right hand man. Duh. Randy 
Yeah, well it’s not much of a god who would let His “only begotten Son” be tortured to death then. No thanks, I’ll take a pass on that one there. And a REAL God would have infinite love and compassion for His inferior Creations along with complete understanding, so to laugh at and deride us would not be in keeping with the attributes of a REAL god. Just a fake one. But that kind of logical reasoning makes the head of a Jesus freak explode if they think too long on it. Guest 
To vote for the lesser of 2 evils is still a vote for EVIL…… SnohtBlossom 
there is no god AriusArmenian 
Check out what Comey did to Martin Armstrong. More of the same. The bi-partisan oligarchic elites that rule the US use the law to keep us in line while they laugh all the way to the bank. none 
A postal worker could lose his job, for saying something like that. gogenhouser 
This makes me want to throw up, this is no longer America. Demoncrats a bunch of baby murdering bloodsuckers. Steeve Girard 
lol! df NJ 
Poverty kills much more people than abortion. I wish Republicans had a brain equally matching their conscious. NowAlive 
I guess I hadn’t seen the number that over 60 million children had died from poverty in the US. Kindly provide a link and I’ll check it out. Bill G Wilminton NC 
While in Poverty you do not have your Arms and Legs Ripped OFF…..One At A Time. Bob332 
Idiot’s such as yourself, are COMPLETELY soulless. Joe Trevors 
Remember: is this not the same FBI that stopped investigating Omar the Orlando Shooter? The FBI had no time to follow Omar? They did not want to infringe on Omar’s constitutional rights because Obama forbids us to discriminate against Muslims. Omar got a job at a security company so he could protect us. Omar’s Dad was preaching what Omar followed. Omar’s Dad works for the CIA. The FBI was forbidden to bother Omar no matter what he threatened. The FBI does not even know to investigate Omar’s dad. What about the MOSQUE where Omar worshipped? The FBI is super good – in covering up!! Randy 
GREAT post there, Joe! Except that Orlando was a completely contrived event, just like Sandy Hoax. WHERE were the ambulances to carry off the dead bodies? Where was all of the blood? Did everybody who was shot at either place just happen to leave all their blood at home that day? The temps in Connecticut on DECEMBER 14, 2012 were 30.6 for the low and 49.3 for the high, yet not one wisp of breath fog from ANYBODY there!! How is that possible? Check The Old Farmer’s Almanac for the weather reports on the 14th and 15th. Joe Trevors 
Yes, how can they cover up so much with so little outrage from them in Orlando? Randy 
Quite easily! Since the media is in bed with the corrupted legal system and political system, they just ignore the outrage, they don’t report on it, therefore very few ever hear about it! Someone forgot to check the records to see what the weather would possibly be like on December 14, 2012, and that’s how that very important clue got left out of the narrative when the hoax was launched! You don’t see anyone being asked on Tee Vee why there was no snow on the ground or breath fog from the people because the media doesn’t want to have questions like that being asked! SnohtBlossom 
You have NO CHOICE! Enjoy it.. Bwah hah haha 
Snotty….When ya have to give YOURSELF an UPVOTE…… its time to retire your flower ! SnohtBlossom 
It helps keep the discussion orderly. Ok, so I LIKE the Limelight. Working fulltime here 😉 guest 
Does anyone remember what president demanded the resignation of every U.S .Attorney in the country and made them all reapply for their jobs so he could hire whomever he wanted and get rid of the ones he didn’t like? I’ll give you all one guess. Steeve Girard 
G.W. Bush! aka Bush II. . Guess only a Canadian could answer this one. guest 
WRONG!!!! Bush fired 8U.S. Attorneys and caused a firestorm in the establishment media. Clinton fired ALL 93 U. S. Attorneys. Steeve Girard 
At least I knew Bush did some… forgot about Clinton. Damn selectiveness of memory! guest 
Oh…your Canadian? I forgot to mention we were betting a six pack of Molson. guest 
The FBI probably thought blondie deserved a break because she was a “woman of color” like Elizabeth Warren max gon 
You are absolutely right Michael, if the USA spineless population picks this evil woman to be our next president then we will certainly deserve whatever consequences follow. Joe Trevors 
Our greatest hope is to vote for Donald Trump. I believe God is using Donald. It is a sign by the overwhelming opposition against him by both Democrats & Republicans. Look at Republican Paul Ryan as House Majority leader: he has no trouble “understanding” Obama or Clinton. But he can’t “understand” Trump? Paul say I don’t know where Donald is coming from. Trump is exposing how we are already ruled by a ONE PARTY OLIGARCHY, that chooses who will be President. This time Trump is confounding their agenda. Trump is revealing how they are all lying to us & of course they all really support Hillary or a 3rd party candidate. Aren’t they the ones who say “Anyone but Trump”? JC Teecher 
Look at the bright side, even though it is just a dying ember of one, this brings the chosen one to the final phase of taking her pedestal of satanic hierarchy in ussag, and will eliminate the need for martial law in order to stave off the trump charge. 
I still believe we will see bank failures and an economic collapse whereby she will pull the exact same stunts as Odrama did, to filter off funds, but; I think it will stabilize after the “haircut” to the upper middle class wealth. 
The con game continues at a much more rapid and rabid pace. themacabre 
If there was ever a situation that demanded a special prosecutor, this was it. How could the Valerie Plame joke get a special prosecutor and not this obvious case of criminal wrong doing? Of course, the criminal wrong doing was, and is, obvious…there was no way Obozo would have sanctioned a special prosecutor. Yes, July 5, 2016, will go down in history when America officially became a banana republic, and Ms Evita Peron Clinton will be crowned El Presidente in January, 2017. df NJ 
Hillary is the most corrupt politician in my lifetime. She needs to go to jail. Horiboyable . 
Or hunt her down like the Libyan leader and give her the Gaddafi treatment OTAY 
In my time it was the O.J. Simpson verdict. df NJ 
You conservatives are a funny bunch. Your answer to everything is to cut taxes, have a smaller government, and the World will be a better place. But if you ever return to reality based politics, look at the recent years between California and Kansas. In CA, they raised taxes and increased minimum wage and now they have a budget surplus. In Kansas, Brownback implemented traditional Republican policies. The rich got huge tax breaks. And their pockets are bulging. And now the state is bankrupt. Nice job Republicans. Jerry C 
California and Kansas a success? Quoting Bill Maher & liberal leftists garbage rags for news doesn’t make it reality. More businesses and people are moving out as fast as they can. Who wants to work when they’re being taxed to death? Only the workers. You. Are. Clueless. faith 
It’s going from bad to worse if she wins. But God….. Don’t lose heart or the faith. Pray against the wickedness in high places using the weapons from God;s word. If she gets in keep praying if not keep praying. The bible says to pray without ceasing. It’s only a day, God can do so much in a millisecond to make a change. We don’t even know what tomorrow will be like we are only here for a moment like a mist. Hillary is only a vapor to God. She can be evaporated like nothing. df NJ 
I always thought Hillary was a Christian. I can’t believe she’s a Muslim like you are saying. Son of a bi!tch! wiseup 
Really?! How did you come to that conclusion? By what she says or what she does? df NJ 
Well, obviously she cannot be a servant of God. Joe Trevors 
The head of the CIA is a Muslim. SnohtBlossom 
Shut up and leave! Take your liberal anti-American, Anti-Christian garbage else where. SnohtBlossom 
Suck it! Freedom of Speech you UnAmerican Dip retired22 
Who can say that she/he/it is politically liberal? I don’t think this demented fool knows or cares about the issues,He/She/It is a whack job looking for attention! Mr. Cipher 
Font water the Troll flower NowAlive 
Don’t feed the animals. He’s here for attention obviously. There isn’t anything on this site that interests him except for those who give him the attention his parents failed to provide. I pity him in the sense that he feels unloved, lost, and hopeless. I see him smoking pot or washing down his antidepressants with a shot of whiskey….alone. As he ponders his life, he thinks he has it figured out, though his marks bear out the fact that he can’t handle life. And of course, after convincing himself of his uselessness, he becomes a self-fulfilled prophecy, here to incense and be fed by those who will respond. Look on him as he is: utterly lost and filled with hatred. He’s an animal to be pitied, not fed. He’s too irrational to be fed. He’ll bite…as you can see from his silly, lost, unhappy remarks. sistersoldier 
For the wicked boasts of his heart’s desire, And the greedy man curses and spurns the LORD. The wicked, in the haughtiness of his countenance, does not seek Him. All his thoughts are, “There is no God.” Psalm 10:3-4 
You are in fact quoting scripture when you say, “There is no God” He put in writing more than 3,000 years before you said it. rushmore 
you will be the first one crying, when this all falls aprt! Preacher62 
You know there is. He gave his son for you. Steeve Girard 
There is one, but it’s between Abraham’s legs. Guest 
No, He will not answer such prayers. For individual Americans, yes, but not the nation. He is a holy Elohim. He gives nations the leaders it deserves. I am Canadian. Look what He gave us. Bob332 
THE COMEY EFFECT: We HAVE the evidence, BUT, no INTENT. Therefore, our INTENT is not to prosecute. A big shout out for -FU America, case closed. THE HITLERY EFFECT: Well America, this PROVES we are NOT equal under the law. You would be Indicted, Convicted and spending 25-Life in some Fed Pen. Remember, America you are just useful serf’s. df NJ 
She’s absolutely the most corrupt politician in my lifetime. She needs to go to jail! SnohtBlossom 
I’m sure she’s NOT the most corrupt politician of your lifetime. HeyAHuman 
Just out of curiosity, why do you support her? SnohtBlossom 
She will be our Glorious new President! Jerry C 
LUITPOS is not done yet. he’ll go to the U.N. where he can destroy the whole world; America was just a stepping stone. Victor 
I’ve been say all along America is lawless, no rule of law, since this guilty criminal Clinton came on the scene Steeve Girard 
longer than that…. It started with throw everything out the White House windows Reagan DJohn1 
That announcement by the FBI did two things. The FBI were always the untouchables that could not be bribed or intimidated. Not until yesterday at least. I think the reaction of the American People will be to elect someone else. Now if the electorial college does not follow what the people elect, then we have a real problem this time around. I think if she had won a verdict in a trial that was public then she may have been elected. This way she is damned politically forever. She never got her day in court. So people will assume she was guilty and that Bill bribed the FBI. Assume is a big word. But that is what people will do. She has just been shot in the foot politically. That is why she will never become President of this country. Her reputation is shot. That Obama is running around supporting her effort to get elected President using government transport to do so is another problem she has. When both of them are being transported on Air Force One, that is on our dime as tax payers. Trump labeled her “crooked Hilliary” and this just gave her the reputation to go with it. Only God knows the future. It is beginning to look like Trump may become President after all. Joe Trevors 
Yes! Mr. Cipher 
Half the population couldn’t care less is she is crooked as long as the welfare checks keep coming. illusion 
Relax everybody and stay calm. Hillary, like all of her predecessors will be merely a puppet for the banking and global elite. I will admit that she is a vial person. Fortunate for her, we have a rather stupid populace in this country that cannot see through her campaign facade. Hillary and Bill will continue their charade in office. It will be all about them and theirs (bankers), who will call the shots. World War 3 is a real distinct possibility with this charlatan in the Oval Office. Would anybody care to wager on another false flag event similar if not worse to 9-11 to further an agenda? This time, we can place the false blame on the Syrians to foster the belief that we need troops on the ground. HeyAHuman 
Condition people to accept blatant corruption. Condition them to accept that the elite are above the law, and that justice is not blind. How much more will we accept? df NJ 
I would be happy if we just enforced our existing banking and monopoly laws. tempus.fugit 
RE: what is the difference between Nishimura and Clinton? 
Nishimura confessed. It’s that simple. 
All Western systems of law, whether full adversarial, full discovery, or something in between, have always relied upon testament of self-confession or the force to exact it in the absence of confession. 
Nishimura self-recognized his actions, self-classified them, and confessed them. That he confessed them with the emotion of wrong-doing is his. In contrast, Hillary has not confessed, nor is she capable of self-recognition of her actions, let alone classifying them, or even classifying them as bad. To give testament of null-value is why we don’t give guns to children: they cannot self-pay the price of learning the lesson, so they don’t learn. Self-confession is inherently predicated on the sensing of cost and the ability to pay it. Children don’t confess; they can’t; even if they admit spoken guilt, they do not feel it, nor give it any recognition that those who pay do. 
Grant the unable credit as if they are able, and you’ll only end up backrupt, with decades of time lost, and not one shred of gratitude nor remorse from those who took credit they were unable to pay. Oz Steamer 
“o what is the difference between Nishimura and Clinton?” Firstly, Nishimura was (is?) MALE, and Hillary is a woman. Secondly, anyone who thinks the Feminists want “equality” only has to look at this decision. If Hillary was a man, she’d be in prison, by now. The Feminists (especially the male ones) are trying so hard to get her to be President. The Feminists show they have never ever wanted genuine equality, only to bash men, and to get away with what can only be described as “obvious criminal behavior”. 
For any religious person, the choice is clear: go with Feminism, and Hillary or go with religion and oppose her and Feminism. Pick one. 
I fear the US election is already Hillary’s as the Republicans are clearly trying to destroy Donald Trump, and to win against your own Party elite and against Hillary and the media (who automatically side with Hillary) would be an impossible task. 
God Help America if Hillary wins. Mr. Cipher 
Ya but she’s offering free college and other goodies. Horiboyable . 
You knew the fix was in because Obama had already come out and said he would support Hillary’s bid before FBI director James Comey made his announcement. Seriously what type of women would stay with a man that gets BJs from interns!! I tell you what type, a women that would sell her mothers eyeballs in their lust for power. Folks with this decision the line has been clearly drawn in the sand if you would like to see it. It is THEM against US. You are free to chose not to see reality but you are not free to avoid the consequences of reality. bobbi 
She stays with him because who else would want her? XSANDIEGOCA J B 
I’m not shocked or surprised. I would have more surprised if she wasn’t handed a Get out of jail free card. It’s should be quite to others now, who owns the Monopoly Board. retired22 
Perhaps what will save us is the gigantic financial correction coming down on,…a financial correction that will cripple the Welfare State & destroy political Washington! Unfortunately,…this will give us a whole new set of problems! Barry 
Let’s all just admit to ourselves that the Clintons (and maybe others) must’ve threatened Mr. Comey into kowtowing to their will and not recommend these charges. No doubt a death threat against him or his family was made to convince him to accede to their will. Now, Ms. Lynch can easily just say that the FBI has recommended not to pursue an indictment, so she will just let the matter drop off the radar. How convenient. Dead bodies have been left in the wake of the Clintons since Arkansas. If you don’t believe me, just ask Larry Nichols. JC Teecher 
I don’t know of anyone that would not lie and turn against their work ethic/patriotism to prevent the possible death of one of their own little ones. 
comey is no different. He has to live with what he did as well as lyin lynch. Some people have no conscience though, much less a soul. voltaic 
While you allwere silent as a mouse when GWB was not convicted for lying America into an endless war over fake WMDs…… You sense of ‘justice’ is remarkable…. Jerry C 
Your New York Times reported we did find WMDs in Iraq. What about Clinton who voted to attack Iraq on the same information Bush was given? In addition, it was Bush’s advisor appointee from Clinton’s administration who told him. Ah, the facts again. Cal 
Signs a nation is under judgment are many, two in particular come to mind. Sorceries, the primary definition is obvious but the secondary meaning derived from the Greek Pharmakeia (Pharmacy in English). A drug epidemic has struck this country exceeding the 1960’s killing thousands and women rulers. Hillary will no doubt win this election because the devil ordains it and America is under judgment. Obama is the stepping stone to the tribulation and the return of Bill and Hillary to the WH will destroy what is left of the United States during the tribulation. America is not mentioned anywhere in biblical prophecy and the reasons are obvious. For evil to prosper good men do nothing. Good men did nothing to stop the Warren Court, escalation of the Vietnam War and the drug saturated counter culture…the proverbial Pandora’s Box and the beginning of the end of the greatest nation on earth. Preacher62 
Truth right there except for the part about the greatest nation. This nation has always been about lawlessness and greed from the outset dropping off smallpox laced blankets killing millions of native americans to all the unjust wars especially the civil war declared to the millions murdered by abortion. If the blood of Abel cried out to God from the ground, how loud is the screaming he is hearing from this country. bobbi 
Hillary will president not by election but by corruption. black heart 
Rush likened the Comey cave-in to that of Chief Justice John Roberts on the Obamacare challenge, effectively rewriting the law so Obama would have his victory. Good comparison, but I believe the Comey-cave is more in tune with FBI AD James Kallstrom when, under pressure from Clinton, he covered up the TWA 800 shoot down. After Kallstrom retired, he reportedly suffered sever mental anguish. 
By a twist of fate, Comey was at a pivot point in history. It fell to him the the task of saving western civilization. He failed, he sold out and this will haunt him. 
Hillary will be elected. Any Democrat starts with some 200-210 electoral votes. In her first term, after she grants citizenship to millions of invaders and invites millions more, we have been effectively PRI-ed as in Mexico’s forever ruling national party, except for a minor break of 12 years. The Republicans will never again control the Oval office or the senate or the house. Thank you Comey, you hack, you political flack. 
Until now the idea of session was a mere discussion point. Texas will get serious after Hillary’s inauguration. Will Texas get out? Probably not. JB 
Sad day indeed, Michael. I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again: the only thing that will change things is if the church in this country is on its knees in constant prayer, praying for an outpouring of the Holy Spirit and spiritual revival. That’s why none of this makes any sense – it’s a spiritual battle (“For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.” Ephesians 6:12). The wicked prosper while the righteous suffer, but Christ didn’t promise Christians a life free of persecution (“no servant is above his master” Matthew 10:24). Hillary gets away while Christians are fined and imprisoned for refusing to bake a cake – or take a photograph. Wrong has become right and right has become wrong (Isaiah 5:20). It’s becoming like the days of Lot or Noah, marked by violence, immorality – and lawlessness. Yet God holds the hearts of all rulers in His hands (Proverbs 21:1) – just as He hardened Pharoah’s heart. He’s still in charge and in control – as a believer, if you want things to change, you have free access to the control room of the universe. 
Dark times indeed – and like Habakkuk, we can be dismayed – but the righteous shall live by faith! (Habakkuk 2:4, Hebrews 10:38) sistersoldier 
Amen JB. Scorners seem to believe that the earth needs to be in a complete catastrophic upheaval before the Lord’s return. Also, there are those who identify with the household of faith that believe God is merciful and that they will not see or experience His wrath. True, God did not appoint us (His elect) to wrath but when He is ready to chastise a NATION one method He will use is to give our enemies power over us. He did it with Israel and the U.S. is no more blessed than the apple of His eye. 
Life will seemingly be normal upon Christ’s second coming. Natural disasters will precede Him stepping down on the Mt. of Olives but life will continue to thrive until those who are alive and remain see Him face to face. “As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be at the coming of the Son of Man. For in the days before the flood, people were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, up to the day Noah entered the ark.…” JC Teecher 
Good to see you sister. 
The days of the entrance of Antichrist/Satan has been dramatized by the ignorant to the point that some people will be expecting an ugly man with horns and wearing red flannel underwear, while sporting a pitch fork and serpent’s tail. 
To the contrary, he will be an awesome looking man in his early thirties, with similarities as we have been shown as to what Christ may have looked like, before he was imprisoned and beaten. He will be speaking scriptures, and seem so Holy, with signs of power around him. In fact, the biggest sign was revealed to me and I’m gonna share with you real soon, maybe today. 
What people don’t understand is the fact that he will be impersonating Christ and come in “peacefully and prosperously”, but will go out in a sort of blaze of demonic glory, after killing the two witnesses. That brings about the end of this age. sistersoldier 
Welcome back JC! I hope you had the opportunity to relax and catch plenty of fish. It’s good to see you posting again as well! Yes, I believe that it will be as you said or as the Bible says which agrees with your statement. 
The Antichrist will indeed be “fiercely attractive” with a an irresistible charismatic personality. He will represent all that the world worships. Especially those who don’t know the One True God. 
Isaiah 53 describes Jesus as just the opposite of the way pictures and movies portray Him. The deception began centuries ago with a false image of the true Savior’s likeness. 
The prophet said that our Lord had no beauty or majesty to attract us to him, nothing in his appearance that we should desire him. He was despised and rejected by mankind, a man of suffering, and familiar with pain. Like one from whom people hide their faces he was despised, and we held him in low esteem. Preacher62 
Food for thought and simply my opinion, not being argumentative. The ant-christ is not a person but a spirit just as the kingdom of God is within those who belong to him,(Luke 17) the spirit of anti-christ is within those who belong to Satan. I believe the teaching of a literal and physical anti-christ to be a distraction from the truth. We are told time and again in the scripture to examine ourselves to see if Christ is in us and if he is not then we have failed the test of Christianity. 
Teaching that there is a literal anti-christ keeps many looking “out there” for the enemy when we should be looking within for the enemy. The war that we are fighting is not against flesh and blood and it is not “out there”; the war we are fighting is within ourselves. Satan is prowling around like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. This refers to Christians because all who are not Christians have already been devoured. Finally 1 John 2 tells us that MANY anti-christs had already come and that was 2000 yrs ago, there have been many since and there are many still to come I am sure. 
The only real option we have is to do as the Lord commanded and Go and make disciples. This is all that will prevent them from being devoured. If we get too caught up with looking for something or someone that does not exist then we might become distracted from doing that which is necessary. 
John 6:66 tells us the “mark of man” From that moment they left him and followed him no more. The “mark of God’s children” on the other hand is that they hold out faithful till the end by the grace of God. 
Love and blessings JC Teecher 
I see what you are saying, however; it makes me wonder if you believe that Satan is not a real entity and being held, right now, by Michael the Archangel? Preacher62 
No, Satan is VERY real and the prince of this world. JC Teecher 
Ok, thanks. 
Many follow man’s teachings that Antichrist is a flesh man walking the earth right now, while God teaches us exactly who he is, how, and when he comes, in the book of Revelation. 
I have even heard the pre-tribber Hagee say he will arise from Europe and then get shot in the head and miraculously recover and come back to life after three days. What a hoot and hogwash. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Many many Christians believe in The Pre-Trib Rapture including myself. 
Hagee makes many good points so does Perry Stone and others……… 
Hagee does believe that He(Anti-Christ) will be shot and miraculously recover……as He(Anti-Christ) Mimicks Christ. 
I study both pre-trib and post-trib Rapture and I find many fallacies in the post-trib beliefs and it seems at times that the post-tribbers focus on being included in the pain and misery of the Tribulation….like they dont want to be “Left Out”. or feel that they should be LEFT OUT. 
I believe that those that love The Lord are “The Bride of Christ” and one does not have their Bride get beat to a pulp and then sweep her away for the honeymoon. 
There are other serious issues with the post-trib rapture. 
Shalom GV 
“…I study both pre-trib and post-trib Rapture and I find many fallacies in the post-trib beliefs ….” 
gee, people reading the same Bible coming to totally different conclusions Bill G Wilminton NC 
God said that NO ONE would KNOW the day or the hour of The Rapture….Uncertain by Design. 
BUT ” For A Man to Lie with A Man As With a Woman Is an Abomination In The Eyes Of The Lord ” Sorry GV No Uncertainty There. GV 
your “god” ordered the murder of children and babies. Sorry Bill, no uncertainly there JB 
I agree with your personification of the anti-Christ – many mistake “anti” to mean someone who is gruesome and abhorrent, but in the Greek (which is more precise) translates into “in place of Christ” – in other words, Satan creates his counterfeit (as he always has – he tries to imitate what God does with his own version) and we’ll have a man arrive on the scene who the entire world embraces and some will mistake for the Messiah. Like Satan, he will want to be worshipped. JC Teecher 
The thing is, Satan is, or shall i say, will be, the Antichrist. All others that have come in the “spirit” of antichrist, have been men…flesh men. 
Satan will come looking as a man, even a flesh man, but will be spirit bodied. JB 
True, God has and does judge corporately (and some day individuals). Many examples of that in His Word. Our country has been given a lot of truth – as what was once a Christian nation – and to “whom much is given, much will be expected.” Nationally, we’ve also been blessed because of a promise He made to Abraham (“those who bless you, I will bless”). What’s unique about that is we were blessed – not because of anything we did (because we’re certainly no longer living righteously) – but because of a promise He made. But as we continue to turn our backs on Israel, that goes away and there’s really nothing left to stay His judgment – except the prayers of believers. 
But yes, that was also something that astounded Habakkuk – he wanted God to pour some wrath on Israel and when God showed him that he was going to bring the Chaldeans on them (for they were incredibly barbaric), Habakkuk didn’t like that much, but the Lord responded that He is free to use whoever He chooses as His “war club.” 
I think generally things will tend to get worse, though. Man says he is evolving and getting better, but if you read Paul’s letters to Timothy, he describes terrible times in the last days and a very wicked generation. df NJ 
It would be nice if corporations would go to Hell. sistersoldier 
Yes and Amen. The Bible submits the question, “Will the Son of Man (Jesus) find faith on the earth when He returns?” A testimony as to how wicked mankind will have become in the latter days. 
If I may tag team on your comment about the blessing of Abraham. Abraham is considered to be the father of faith. He believed God and it was counted unto him as righteousness. We know this because Abraham obeyed the voice of God.The first seed which carried the promise to bless all nations was the seed of faith. Faith (in God) is the seed that God can bless and still be true to His word as we know that not all of Abraham’s descendants were righteous but his faith was pure. America has rejected the God of the Word and the promise and thereby have chosen to forfeit the blessings. 
What a mighty and a Righteous God we serve. df NJ 
So we are all Jews first. Got it. Preacher62 
Actually only those who belong to God are Jews. Repent and believe the Gospel and you can be a Jew as well. (Romans 2:28–29) “28 For you are not a true Jew just because you were born of Jewish parents or because you have gone through the ceremony of circumcision. 29 No, a true Jew is one whose heart is right with God. And true circumcision is not merely obeying the letter of the law; rather, it is a change of heart produced by God’s Spirit. And a person with a changed heart seeks praise from God, not from people.” sistersoldier 
NO! I don’t!. God’s Word affirms that the Jews are God’s chosen people: “You are a people holy to the Lord your God. The Lord your God has chosen you out of all the peoples on the face of the earth to be his people, his treasured possession” (Deuteronomy 7:6). From eternity past God knew that He would need to be born into the human race in order to save us from the spiritually dead condition that we were in (Ephesians 1—2; Genesis 3). God had planned from the beginning to be born into a very small nation or race of people called the Jews. JC Teecher 
The Lord works in mYsterious ways, sister. I just logged back on to see if you were also, and …boom.. there you are. I have my shadow/burner acccount set up so if you want me to email you, just reply and I’ll post it for you, and then after i receive your email on that acct. I’ll send back my regular email and the info i spoke about. sistersoldier JC Teecher 
crap it’s held up in moderation. OK, I’ll break it apart and try it. I had a post yesterday that was held up for 20 hours in mod. sistersoldier",1