9994,Пассажиры задержанного «Сапсана» прибудут в Петербург с опозданием в три часа,RT на русском,"Короткая ссылка 27 октября 2016, 01:44 В 22:21 мск 16 октября поезд «Сапсан» № 778 из Москвы в Санкт-Петербург по техническим причинам был задержан на станции Мстинский Мост в Новгородской области. Около 500 находившихся в нём пассажиров прибудут в пункт назначения в опозданием в три часа, сообщают в РЖД. 
«К месту остановки состава выслан вспомогательный локомотив и резервный высокоскоростной поезд «Сапсан». Опоздание поезда составит ориентировочно два с половиной — три часа. Для развозки пассажиров к местам жительства (порядка 500 человек) будут предоставлены три автобуса», — говорится в сообщении , опубликованном на сайте Октябрьской железной дороги. 
Кроме того, позже по техническим причинам в Новгородской был остановлен ещё один «Сапсан», в Петербург он прибудет с опозданием в 30 минут. Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",1
9995,"Mike Pompeo, Sharp Critic of Hillary Clinton, Is Trump’s Pick to Lead C.I.A. - The New York Times",Mark Mazzetti,"WASHINGTON  —   Representative Mike Pompeo was once pointedly asked why his committee’s inquiry into the 2012 attacks on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, had dragged on longer than the Watergate investigation. He did not flinch. “This is worse, in some ways,” he said, during an appearance on “Meet the Press” in late 2015. A sharp, pugnacious Kansas congressman and former Army tank officer with degrees from West Point and Harvard, Mr. Pompeo was often an unyielding critic of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton  —   accusing her of orchestrating a     of the Benghazi attacks. On Friday,   Donald J. Trump, who defeated Mrs. Clinton after a bitter campaign, selected Mr. Pompeo to run the Central Intelligence Agency. If confirmed by the Senate, Mr. Pompeo would become one of the most overtly partisan figures to take over the C. I. A.  —   a spy agency that, at least publicly, is supposed to operate above politics and avoid a direct role in policy making. At the same time, the C. I. A. has been central to America’s secret wars waged in the years since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, giving the agency a shadow role in the counterterrorism policy of the past two presidents. As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. Pompeo (pronounced   ) has used his platform to denounce efforts in recent years to rein in some of the most polarizing counterterrorism programs of the  . 11 era. He has advocated a return to the bulk collection of Americans’ domestic calling records  —   which Congress restricted though legislation last year  —   and he has denounced President Obama’s decision in 2009 to close C. I. A.   prisons and also to require government interrogators to strictly adhere to the rules of the Army Field Manual. After a visit to the military prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, in 2013, he told a congressional committee that a hunger strike by detainees was a “political stunt. ” On Friday, some lawmakers  —   even Democrats  —   complimented Mr. Pompeo’s work ethic and grasp of policy details. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, praised Mr. Pompeo as “bright and  . ” “While we have had our share of strong differences  —   principally on the politicization of the tragedy in Benghazi  —   I know that he is someone who is willing to listen and engage, both key qualities in a C. I. A. director,” Mr. Schiff said. It appears that Mr. Pompeo’s role in the Benghazi inquiry was a significant factor in Mr. Trump’s decision to select him to lead the C. I. A. Some members of the  ’s transition team viewed a competing candidate for the position, former Representative Mike Rogers of Michigan, as “soft” on Benghazi because Mr. Rogers, as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, oversaw a report that they believed was not tough enough on Mrs. Clinton. By contrast, Mr. Pompeo’s relentless questioning of Mrs. Clinton during her October 2015 appearance before the House Select Committee on Benghazi raised his profile in Republican circles. When the committee concluded its work this year, Mr. Pompeo’s position on Mrs. Clinton’s role was an outlier even from most of his Republican colleagues. The select committee found no new evidence of wrongdoing by the Obama administration or Mrs. Clinton, but Mr. Pompeo and another Republican member of the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, said they were convinced that there had been a  . When the committee released its findings in June, Mr. Pompeo and Mr. Jordan filed a   addendum that said the attacks showed the State Department was “seemingly more concerned with politics and Secretary Clinton’s legacy than with protecting its people in Benghazi. ” The chairman of the select committee, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, did not put his name on the addendum. After graduating first in his class at West Point, Mr. Pompeo served as an armored Cavalry officer and was deployed in Germany during the final years of the Cold War. After leaving the Army, he attended Harvard Law School and was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. He arrived in Congress in 2011, after a sometimes bitter campaign against Raj Goyle, a Democratic state representative. During the campaign, one of Mr. Pompeo’s aides promoted an article on Twitter that referred to Mr. Goyle, an   as a “Turban Topper. ” In an interview Friday, Mr. Goyle said that Mr. Pompeo personally apologized to him for the incident, but that the campaign staff member was never fired. “As we are entering an era where relations with Muslim and minority communities in America are extremely sensitive, his record and his approach should be scrutinized during the confirmation hearing,” Mr. Goyle said. Mr. Pompeo has close ties to Charles G. and David H. Koch, the billionaire conservatives who are among the most significant activists in financing Republican candidates nationwide. Their company, Koch Industries, and its employees have contributed $357, 000 to Mr. Pompeo since 2009. He has common cause with many senior Republican lawmakers on a range of issues, including a distaste for the agreement the United States and five world powers struck with Iran in 2015 to significantly limit Tehran’s nuclear ability for more than a decade in return for lifting international oil and financial sanctions. In an   this summer on the Fox News website, Mr. Pompeo wrote that the United States should “walk away from this deal. ” Indeed, some members of the transition team pushed for Mr. Pompeo because they believe that picking an incumbent lawmaker would help foster better relations between Congress and the intelligence agencies. Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and now the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement Friday that Mr. Pompeo “will undoubtedly develop a close working relationship with Congress in his new post. ” But some Senate Democrats indicated that Mr. Pompeo could face a difficult confirmation hearing, citing some of his past comments, particularly his praise for the C. I. A. ’s former detention and interrogation program. That program “was ineffective, it was brutal and it stands in direct violation of American values,” Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, said in a statement. “We can never return to that dark time. ” Ms. Feinstein, a member of the Intelligence Committee, led an investigation into the C. I. A. ’s program that produced a voluminous report  —   most of which remains classified. In her statement, she said she planned “to speak with Congressman Pompeo about this issue during his confirmation process. ”",0
9996,Pokémon Go Brings Augmented Reality to a Mass Audience - The New York Times,Nick Wingfield and Mike Isaac,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   There are video games that go viral overnight, causing people to coop themselves up in their homes for days to play. But the opposite has happened with Pokémon Go, a free smartphone game that has soared to the top of the download charts: It has sent people into streets and parks, onto beaches and even out to sea in a kayak in the week since it was released. The game  —   in which players try to capture exotic monsters from Pokémon, the Japanese cartoon franchise  —   uses a combination of ordinary technologies built into smartphones, including location tracking and cameras, to encourage people to visit public landmarks, seeking virtual loot and collectible characters that they try to nab. Boon Sheridan, a resident of Holyoke, Mass. has seen the activity firsthand. His home, a converted   church that once attracted worshipers, had without his knowledge been designated a Pokémon “gym,” a place where players who reach Level 5 in the game must go to train their Pokémon characters. In the last week, as the game became the most downloaded and top grossing app, he has been wondering how to explain to neighbors all the people who congregated on the sidewalk and pulled up at odd hours. “I want to make sure I tell them, ‘Hey, I’m not a drug dealer,’” Mr. Sheridan said. “I know there are people pulling up in front of the house all the time, but trust me I have no say in this. ” On Sunday, San Francisco’s parks and downtown were crawling with Pokémon Go players while in Washington, the White House and the Pentagon have been designated official Pokémon gyms. A bar in Harrisonburg, Va. was offering a 10 percent discount to Pokémon Go players on a specific team, while a tea shop in Japantown in San Francisco offered a “buy one tea, get one free” deal to Pokémon Go players. The number of daily active users on Android devices in the United States alone was closing in on the usage of Twitter, the data analytics firm SimilarWeb estimated. Pokémon Go represents one of those moments when a new technology  —   in this case, augmented reality or A. R. which fuses digital technology with the physical world  —   breaks through from a niche toy for early adopters to something much bigger. The idea behind the technology is to overlay digital imagery on a person’s view of the real world, using a smartphone screen or a headset. In the case of Pokémon Go, players traverse the physical world following a digital map, searching for cartoon creatures that surface at random. People look through their smartphone cameras to find Pokémon. When an animated creature appears, they toss Pokéballs at it until it is subdued. But Pokémon Go’s public nature is also causing unforeseen side effects, attracting crowds that disturb homeowners and creating opportunities for criminals to lure players to remote areas where they can be targeted for theft. In Australia, police have issued tips for how roving Pokémon Go players can safely play the game. Many technology companies thought A. R. might first take off through specialized business applications that, for example, allow architects to visualize finished building projects in situ. Instead, it took a game based on a beloved entertainment franchise from the   in Japan to help the technology go mainstream. Pokémon, a hybrid of the words “pocket” and “monsters,” belongs to the Pokémon Company, which is partly owned by Nintendo, the Japanese game pioneer, which has struggled to adapt to the era of gaming on mobile devices like smartphones and tablets. In the cartoon, Pokémon trainers use characters to battle each other for sport. The uptake of Pokémon Go, which is so far available only in the United States, Australia and New Zealand, has been so furious that it sent Nintendo’s market capitalization soaring $9 billion in the last few days. Pokémon Go, though, is actually the work of a   Niantic Inc. which was created inside Google and spun out of the company last year. Niantic’s first game, a   conspiracy thriller called Ingress, was made possible by Google’s digital mapping service. About 15 million users have downloaded Ingress, and there are a little over one million active players a month, said John Hanke, Niantic’s chief executive. Niantic partnered with the Pokémon Company to make Pokémon Go. Mr. Hanke said he didn’t have exact numbers of Pokémon Go players, but that it was safe to say it will be “quite a bit beyond” the number of players Ingress has attracted. Downloads of Pokémon Go have been so frequent that Niantic’s servers had trouble handling the traffic and the company is struggling to add additional capacity. Mr. Hanke said Niantic was delaying the game’s introduction in additional countries for a few days so it could handle the demand. “We expected it to be popular, but we didn’t expect it to be like this,” he said. “We’re just getting our feet underneath us. ” Like the most successful mobile games, while Pokémon Go is free to play, it gives players opportunities to buy virtual items for a few dollars to speed up their progress. The game’s   nature also gives Niantic another intriguing moneymaking possibility, by charging   restaurants, coffee shops and other retail establishments to become sponsored locations where people are motivated to go to pick up virtual loot. Niantic has cut deals like that for Ingress, and Mr. Hanke said the company would announce sponsored locations for Pokémon Go in the future. Nintendo referred questions to a Pokémon Company representative, who declined to comment on Pokémon Go’s popularity. Jan Dawson, a technology analyst at Jackdaw Research, said Pokémon Go’s success was an important moment for augmented reality, mainly because it doesn’t require expensive extra equipment like a headset, which virtual reality games often need. “This clearly demonstrates that A. R. can cross over into the mainstream on the devices people already have in at least some cases,” he said. “But it doesn’t necessarily do anything for the kind of A. R. and V. R. experiences big companies are piling so much money into. ” For players, Pokémon Go has been a health booster and a social cementer. Kay Collins, a    health care worker in San Francisco, played the game for half a day straight on Sunday, including while waiting in line at a tattoo parlor. “My pedometer says I’ve taken way, way more steps throughout the day than I used to before I started playing this game,” she said, adding that it had helped her explore her neighborhood. Brad Ensworth, a San Francisco State University student who played the game over the weekend, said he had never been a fan of augmented reality gaming before Pokémon Go, but was drawn in by the game’s surprisingly social aspect. “You’ll just run into people and spark up conversations immediately,” he said while playing the game in Golden Gate Park. “We met this one guy who drove up from San Jose to collect Pokémon in the park, and he had more knowledge about this game than anyone else we’ve met so far. We called him the Guru. ” Pokémon Go mass gatherings are also on the horizon. Sara Witsch, a theater studies major at San Francisco State University, organized a Facebook group for a “Pokémon Go crawl” that is tentatively scheduled for July 20. As of Monday evening, more than 18, 000 people had indicated they were interested in attending, and more than 3, 700 confirmed that they would be there.",0
9997,The New Shapes of New York - The New York Times,Matt A.V. Chaban,"The soaring spires, the sloping shores, the straitjacket of the street grid  —   many things give form to the great metropolis. The skyline may be our most recognizable feature, despite how unrecognizable it can often be. Its transformation has been nothing less than astonishing over the past decade. Even when it seems as if there were nowhere left to go, the city, with its manifold appetites, could not be contained. Thanks to new concrete technologies, we have witnessed an eruption of very slender, very tall (some might say very crass) buildings. But for every heroic skyscraper, there are more than a few more humble,   ventures  —   a salt shed, a library, a residential hyperbolic paraboloid (see No. 10, above). Today, apart from the Empire State or Chrysler Building, there are few icons of the skyline. The buildings outlined above, however, may someday be worthy of appearing in a Times Square souvenir snow globe. These are the projects that have captured the imagination of more than a dozen shapers and observers of the city consulted by The New York Times for their perspective on the new standouts. You may not recognize these silhouettes, but in time, you will. 1. 432 PARK AVENUE Manhattan, 2016 Rafael Viñoly Architects Though it is the tallest apartment tower in New York City, at 1, 396 feet, the   building was originally laid out with only 125 apartments, ranging in price from $7. 2 million to $88 million. “This building is all about seeing forever. As for its design, it has this pure elegance, something that’s simple and won’t go out of style. It’s the sort of building  —   it’s not popular with everyone, but it represents what the real estate demand was at a moment in time. The demand right now is for high in the sky, for ‘see everywhere.’ Many people don’t like it because they see it as an eyesore, because you can see it from everywhere. On the other hand, that’s what people thought of the Eiffel Tower. ” Elizabeth F. Stribling, Founder, Stribling  Associates real estate brokerage 2. TIMES SQUARE PLAZAS Manhattan,   Snohetta Closing off a section of Broadway in 2009 has been a boon for the area: Travel times improved on Seventh Avenue by 4 percent even as pedestrian counts have grown as high as 480, 000 a day from 320, 000 a decade earlier. “Taking out the five Broadway blocks and pedestrianizing them flew in the face of all the thinking: Traffic would back up to Albany, and so on, which didn’t happen. And it immediately filled with pedestrians. So you can design streets where the space is shared. Times Square’s not exactly my favorite place in the world, but it spawned the city’s plaza program. That is where you can have a real impact on the social capital of a city. If you look at Astor Place, where all sorts of things are going on, creating plazas and widening sidewalks, it’s transformative. There’s so much potential all across the city, and it’s good for the local economies, too. ” David J. Burney, Former commissioner of design and construction Pratt architecture professor 3. THE SPRING STREET SALT SHED Manhattan, 2015 Dattner Architects and WXY Architecture  Urban Design Resembling a    salt crystal, the Spring Street shed houses 5, 000 tons of salt for use during snowstorms. It is part of the city’s Design and Construction Excellence program, which has seeded more than 100 projects since 2005. “The salt shed is a totally unexpected thing for a very municipal, prosaic,   function, like the infrastructure for salting the roads in winter. It is a   thing it draws attention to itself when you’re flying by in a taxicab. It’s got a good location on the West Side, it’s unusual and it makes you wonder, ‘What is that?’ It has a toughness to it architecturally that’s right. It’s interesting to have that level of care and value and investment into something municipal and often overlooked. It’s just salt storage. But why not?” James Corner, Landscape architect and founding partner, Field Operations 4. QUEENS LIBRARY AT HUNTERS POINT Queens, 2017 Steven Holl Architects The branch in Hunters Point follows six new or expanded libraries that have opened in the borough since 2000, part of a plan to create hubs for the diverse, digital needs of a   Queens. “At a moment when most additions to the skyline of New York City seemingly need to scream ‘bigger, better, best,’ there is one that is just quietly and powerfully beautiful. From the vantage point of the East River, the new public library designed by Steven Holl sits squatly amid a backdrop of tall residential towers on the Long Island City waterfront. But its strong geometry  —   a concrete cube with purposefully placed cutouts  —   establishes it as a dominant structure and the organizer of the buildings around it. Through its unusual openings, it expresses the quintessential experience of a library: the mysteries and reveals one encounters when searching the stacks for a book and finding not only it but an unexpected relative. ” Gina Pollara, President, Municipal Art Society 5. 1 WORLD TRADE CENTER Manhattan, 2014 Skidmore, Owings  Merrill Its profile is not the only big thing about 1 World Trade Center. The construction of the 2.    tower also had the largest budget of any modern building: $3. 8 billion. “One World Trade Center has had such an impact. The architecture is really wonderful, and then there’s the symbolism of the rebuilding. Downtown is back, the city is back and the country is back. It’s an icon again, and one that’s visible again, from so many parts of the city. Whenever you see it, it reminds us of our rebirth, and the recovery and revitalization of Lower Manhattan. This building has such a presence, with the plaza and its tapering sides. It has a majesty. It’s big without being massive. ” Bill Rudin, Chief executive, Rudin Management chairman, Association for a Better New York 6. CHELSEA MODERN Manhattan, 2009 Audrey Matlock Architect The rippling facade of the   apartment building is meant to evoke the artistic energy of the neighborhood  —   and helped win design honors from the New York State chapter of the American Institute of Architects. “Because of the rising consciousness of architecture as a cultural artifact, and a goad to sales, the quality of everyday architecture is getting better in New York. In particular, some small midblock apartment buildings that used to just be generic redbrick monstrosities are now getting designed with some character. Chelsea Modern is just a very solid piece of architecture that exceeds the ordinary. It’s an interesting facade that pushes and pulls you. It’s assertive without being aggressive, well controlled and disciplined  —   a standout background building, the kind we should see more of in New York, and are. And I think the parenthesis of this is that   practitioners like Audrey’s firm are finally making it. ” Michael Sorkin, Critic and designer 7. VIA VERDE The Bronx, 2012 Grimshaw, and Dattner Architects Via Verde has been praised for housing New Yorkers across a range of incomes, with 151 rentals available from $730 to $1, 090 a month when it opened in 2012, as well as 71     available for less than $200, 000. “In Europe, there’s a lot of good architects involved in public housing, and there isn’t so much of a disconnect between design and affordable housing that you see in New York and the U. S. Via Verde is a good example of design contributing to making housing more special. Design shouldn’t just be limited to the   brackets. I liked the diversity of housing types here, from the   sections at the neighborhood scale that steps up into this tower. With the facade, there was a lot of research, too, into durability, so you could maybe spend a little more knowing it would last. ” Amale Andraos, Dean, Columbia University Graduate School of Architecture   WORKac 8. WYTHE HOTEL Brooklyn, 2012 Morris Adjmi Architects The   hotel has also become a cultural hub. It goes well beyond lobby art to promoting residency programs with new pieces for each room, as well as hosting openings and film screenings. “If you get off the subway at Bedford, it can almost feel like Stockholm or Paris because of the tourists. This hotel is an entry point for a lot of folks, even those coming from Manhattan. Reclaimed wood and exposed bricks may be played out, but the designers got it just right. As far as a beacon, you could do far worse. It’s not fake, either, but an exemplar of adaptive reuse. Most people who are visiting the Wythe, they have no use for an old barrel factory. You’re not displacing people, but you do have this very   waterfront area that is very recognizably Williamsburg. Here they maintained the old brick facade and the beautiful old wood beams, but by and large, the entire building is very new. It’s elevated to a place that doesn’t just feel like Brooklyn pastiche. When you’re working with beautiful, heavy, honest materials, I’d wager to say this building will stand the test of time. ” Kelsey Keith, Editor in chief, Curbed 9. BARCLAYS CENTER Brooklyn, 2012 SHoP Architects The home of the Nets and Islanders was built across the street from Robert Moses’ unrealized Dodgers stadium, though the arena was almost unrealized, too, after years of lawsuits over the use of eminent domain. “Barclays Center has become one of the most important new public spaces and landmarks in the city, part of a larger narrative of the transformation of Downtown Brooklyn and the Brooklyn Cultural District. Despite all the criticism about Atlantic Yards and the history of the development, the Atlantic Avenue and Flatbush Avenue crossroads is an important part of the city’s future and growth. Part of that is a network of   public spaces that connect people, transit and multiple uses. ” Justin Garrett Moore, Executive director, Public Design Commission 10. VIA 57 WEST Manhattan, 2016 Bjarke Ingels Group The   building may resemble an   pyramid, but the architects prefer to describe it as a hyperbolic paraboloid. The shape developed from taking a typical apartment block and stretching out the northwestern corner to increase views of the Hudson River. “Many of the new towers currently going up are those pencil shapes. The Bjarke Ingels project on the West Side is especially interesting because it is beginning to show that when there’s collaboration between architects, designers, developers and the city, you can start to do different things. This mashing of the conventional skyscraper and a typical courtyard building generated this rather unique shape that’s standing out in the skyline rather nicely. And it includes affordable units, as well, which is obviously important. The lesson would be to start experimenting on all levels. Our city is so interesting because of the diversity of its people and opinions, and you want to see that reflected in the built environment. ” David van der Leer, Executive director, Van Alen Institute 11. NEW YORK BY GEHRY Manhattan, 2011 Gehry Partners This   luxury tower may be an unusual symbol of Lower Manhattan’s rebirth, but with roughly $200 million in  . 11 bond financing, the   edifice is a reminder of the many ways the area has been reshaped since 2001. “I have no claims for aesthetic competence, but the Gehry building certainly looks nice enough to me as an economist who loves cities. The fact that it’s residential matters a lot. If anything, New York, and particularly downtown New York, has a mismatch between its residential needs and an abundance of commercial space. New York is at its healthiest when it is profoundly mixed use, when it is residential and commercial and recreational all at once. I like the fact that the apartments aren’t just apartments for billionaires. They’re not particularly cheap  —   it’s still New York  —   but it’s rental. They’re midsized, a lot are under 1, 000 square feet. The fact that it has a school on the bottom floors is nice as well. Edward Glaeser, Author of “Triumph of the City” Harvard  economics professor 12. THE NEW MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART Manhattan, 2007 Sanaa Exquisite execution with simple materials is one of the chief attributes of Japanese design, which helps explain how Sanaa turned some offset boxes of aluminum mesh into a beloved museum. And all for a mere $50 million (the new Whitney Museum of American Art cost almost nine times that). “The jagged skyline of the building, surrounded mostly by brownstones and tenements, really creates a stunning contrast that so speaks to what it is. In that neighborhood, I think it creates a real beacon of what’s new. The first band of it does still line up with the building to the north, a totally brilliant way to be a part of that neighborhood and still be totally different. And the storefront is a direct continuation, too. Instead of a gentle weave into the city, it still connects, but in a very different way. It’s very simple and detailed and not at all gaudy. ” David Rockwell, Founder, Rockwell Group",0
9998,"Supreme Court Faces Volatile, Even if Not Blockbuster, Docket - The New York Times",Adam Liptak,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court, awaiting the outcome of a presidential election that will determine its future, returns to the bench this week to face a volatile docket studded with timely cases on race, religion and immigration. The justices have been shorthanded since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, and say they are determined to avoid deadlocks. That will require resolve and creativity. “This term promises to be the most unpredictable one in many, many years,” said Neal K. Katyal, a former acting United States solicitor general in the Obama administration now with Hogan Lovells. There is no case yet on the docket that rivals the blockbusters of recent terms addressing health care, abortion or   marriage. But such cases are rare, whether there are eight justices or nine. “This term’s cases are not snoozers,” said Elizabeth B. Wydra, the president of the Constitutional Accountability Center, a liberal group. “This term features important cases about racial bias in the criminal justice system, voting rights and redistricting, immigration and detention, and accountability for big banks that engaged in racially discriminatory mortgage lending practices. ” There are, moreover, major cases on the horizon, including ones on whether a transgender boy may use the boys’ restroom in a Virginia high school and on whether a Colorado baker may refuse to serve a   couple. “If either of these cases is taken, it will almost immediately become the highest profile case on the court’s docket,” said Steven Shapiro, the legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union. There is also the possibility that a dispute over the outcome of the presidential election could end up at the Supreme Court, as it did in 2000 in Bush v. Gore. “That is the doomsday scenario in some respects of having an   court,” said Carter G. Phillips, a lawyer with Sidley Austin. A deadlocked Supreme Court would leave in place the lower court ruling and oust the justices from their role as the final arbiters of federal law. Race figures in many of the new term’s most important cases, including two to be heard in October, and that seems to be part of a new trend. “The court hasn’t had a lot of cases recently dealing with race in the criminal justice system,” said Jeffrey L. Fisher, a law professor at Stanford. In June, a dissent from Justice Sonia Sotomayor brought a new perspective to the issue. Citing James Baldwin’s “The Fire Next Time” and   Coates’s “Between the World and Me,” she insisted that the brutal history and contemporary reality of racism in the United States must play a role in the court’s analysis. That dissent may prove influential, said Justin Driver, a law professor at the University of Chicago. “One item to keep an eye on this term,” he said, “is the extent to which the Black Lives Matters movement makes its presence felt on the court’s docket. ” On Wednesday, the court will hear arguments in Buck v. Davis, No.  . It arose from an extraordinary assertion by an expert witness in the death penalty trial of Duane Buck, who was convicted of the 1995 murders of a former girlfriend and one of her friends while her young children watched. The expert, presented by the defense, said that black men are more likely to present a risk of future danger. The justices will decide whether Mr. Buck, who is black, may challenge his death sentence based on the ineffectiveness of the trial lawyer who presented that testimony. “The Buck case raises questions that could not be more relevant to ongoing conversations sparked by police shootings about implicit bias and stereotyping of   men as violent and dangerous,” Ms. Wydra said. “The Roberts court, and particularly the chief justice himself, has often been reluctant to acknowledge the reality of systemic racism in this country, but the egregious facts of the Buck case make it impossible to avoid. ” On Oct. 11, the court will consider another biased statement, this one ascribed to a juror during deliberations in a sexual assault trial. “I think he did it because he’s Mexican, and Mexican men take whatever they want,” the juror said of the defendant, according to a sworn statement from a second juror. The question in the case,  Peña Rodriguez v. Colorado, No.   is how to balance the interest in keeping jury deliberations secret against the importance of ridding the criminal justice system of racial and ethnic bias. Race also figures in cases on redistricting, fair housing and malicious prosecution. On Thursday, the court agreed to decide another charged case, Lee v. Tam, No.   which asks whether the government may deny federal protection to a trademark said to disparage  . The case will probably effectively decide a separate one concerning the Washington Redskins football team. The court will also decide, in Moore v. Texas, No.   whether Texas may use an idiosyncratic standard in deciding who must be spared execution because of intellectual disability. The state relies in part on what one judge there called the “Lennie standard,” which exempts defendants who resemble Lennie Small, the dim, hulking farmhand in John Steinbeck’s “Of Mice and Men. ” At some point this term, the court will hear a significant religion case, Trinity Lutheran Church v. Pauley, No.  . It poses the question of whether states must provide aid to churches in at least some circumstances even if their state constitution forbids such assistance. The court agreed to hear the case on Jan. 15, about a month before Justice Scalia died. Other cases granted that day were argued and decided by the end of the last term in June. In the ordinary course, the religion case would have been scheduled for argument in the last term or in October, and certainly not later than November. But the case has yet to be scheduled. “The most logical inference,” said Paul D. Clement, a former solicitor general in the Bush administration now with Kirkland  Ellis, “is that this is a case where the court is going to take its time scheduling this in the hopes that they will have nine justices to decide the case in the end because this is a case that could be closely divided. ” The case started when officials in Missouri rejected an application from a Lutheran church for a grant to use recycled tires to resurface a playground. The Missouri Constitution bars spending public money “in aid of any church,” and the State Supreme Court has called for “a very high wall between church and state. ” The church argues that the State Constitution violates equal protection principles and the First Amendment’s guarantee of free exercise of religion. The court has three immigration cases on its docket, involving detentions, deportations and how children born abroad to an American parent may obtain citizenship. The court has already granted a stay in Gloucester County School Board v. G. G. No.   temporarily barring Gavin Grimm, a transgender boy, from using the boys’ bathroom in a Virginia high school. The justices are scheduled to decide whether to hear the case on Oct. 14, and the stay suggests that they may be ready to enter the national debate over transgender rights. Later this term, in Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, No.   the justices will decide whether to take up a baker’s contention that he should not be compelled to create a cake for a   wedding. Mr. Clement, at a briefing at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative group, said the justices will most likely be cautious in granting contentious cases until they are back at full strength. “The court seems to be reluctant,” he said, “to add cases to their docket that they think in advance may well divide them 4 to 4. ” But the court may feel it has to try to resolve a dispute arising from the presidential election. “Would they take the case?” Mr. Phillips mused at the same briefing, referring to one along the lines of Bush v. Gore. “My guess is they might. Whether they would ultimately decide anything, who knows?”",0
9999,Climate Engineering And Cryosphere Collapse,Dane Wigington,"geoengineeringwatch.org 
Global climate engineering programs are mathematically the single greatest assault against nature ever launched by the human race. Incredibly, the majority of global populations still remain oblivious to the ongoing blatant climate engineering atrocities occurring overhead day after day. This willful blindness of the masses is largely due to the total betrayal of the truth by the vast majority of the science community and all of mainstream media , both of whom are heavily invested in covering up the crimes of their paymasters. How badly damaged is our once thriving biosphere? We are past the point of no return in regard to the once thriving planet we have known. Below is a quote from a powerful and moving recent article by Dr. Glen Barry which accurately outlines the reality we collectively face. 
Miraculous nature is being murdered. Everywhere we look inequitable over-consumption is devastating the natural ecosystems that sustain a living Earth. Together we yield to ecological truth – personally embracing a global ecology ethic, and demanding others do so as well – or we all needlessly die at each others’ throats as the global ecological system collapses and being ends. 
A primary sign of biosphere collapse is clearly evident by the rapidly imploding cryosphere. Arctic sea ice continues to advance further into record low levels . Though official agencies like NASA will never admit to the ongoing climate engineering crimes, they are beginning to acknowledge that the excessive cloud cover over the Arctic in recent years (solar radiation management) is exacerbating the overall warming , not mitigating it. Other studies also confirm the overall planetary warming is being fueled by ""contrails"" (which are in reality solar radiation management sprayed particulate trails ). The 30 second video below fully illustrates the shocking loss of Arctic sea ice. 
Not only is the Arctic sea ice at a record low level, but now the ice on the opposite end of the Earth, Antarctica, is also rapidly retreating to record low levels as well. This is a fact that the US corporate media is not covering. The 2 minute video below elaborates on the rapidly accelerating loss of Antarctic sea ice. 
Antarctic sea ice extent has been the last vestige of denial for those who still desperately cling to the ""global warming is a hoax"" fossil fuel industry false narrative. To dogmatically cling to this false narrative is also to toe the line for the power structure, big oil, and the climate engineers . The poles are not the only part of the cryosphere that is imploding, the Himalayan glaciers are disappearing at blinding speed. The 8 minute video below is a recent update from the Himalayas. 
Our planet is already free-falling into a runaway warming scenario , global climate engineering is further fueling this scenario. The graph below illustrates the rapid increase of warmer days being recorded on our planet. 
Global climate engineering programs not only worsening the overall warming of the biosphere, but also destroying the ozone layer , derailing the hydrological cycle , and contaminating the entire planet due to the highly toxic heavy metal and chemical fallout . 
Where do we go from here? How can we stand against the power structure that currently controls the fate of the world in which we live? The single greatest leap we could collectively make in the right direction is by fully exposing the climate engineering issue to the masses. If we can expose the geoengineering assault, populations around the globe would unite in a common cause. If we can expose it, we can stop it. Those, that are still clinging to the insanely false ""global warming is a hoax"" narrative, are doing great harm to credibility of the overall anti-geoengineering community, and thus to the cause itself. The planet is accelerating into total meltdown. Climate engineering is making an already horrific anthropogenic warming scenario far worse overall. Those who truly claim to be committed to the fight to stop climate engineering have an obligation to objectively examine frontline facts and film footage . Sadly, even some major ""independent"" news sites are pushing the ""global warming is a hoax"" false narrative . Pushing this patently false narrative is exactly what climate engineering/industrial complex wants, and is extremely harmful to the cause of exposing and halting the ongoing weather warfare assault. Why? If we are to have any chance of stopping the climate engineering insanity, if we are to have any chance of convincing the climate science community to start telling the truth about the climate engineering assault, the anti-climate engineering community must stand on frontline facts and not on ridiculously false ideological dogma. Investigate, and make your voice heard , time is not on our side. 
May be freely reprinted, so long as the text is unaltered, all hyperlinks are left intact, and credit for the article is prominently given to geoengineeringwatch.org and the article’s author with a hyperlink back to the original story. 6 Responses to Climate Engineering And Cryosphere Collapse jim stewart October 27, 2016 at 4:18 pm 
""Sadly, even some major 'independent' news sites are pushing the 'global warming is a hoax' false narrative."" Indeed, shame on Infowars, considering they should know better. But then, so much hyperbolic & elipitical rhetoric is geared to sell to what folks wish to believe, rather than what truthseekers pursue to be savvy and shrewd.",1