10 millions? That’s cute. The British have beaten that just with the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Where they used musket balls covered with pork tallow and fat, and buried Mughal Muslim troops alive with pork carcasses. Steve Haden 
Well, it worked….. sabelmouse 
the british had more colonies as well. all the colonials need to answer for their deeds. Rufus McBoofus 
I didn’t realize it was competition…. Eugene Collins 
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/52a0cbfbe393bf6e6cf61d3d503745b3a13562b222bf83141a66a0fbfedf8de6.jpg Alex 
The reason this is forgotten is because it happened in the 1800s, with no radio, not a lot of press even, and certainly no cinema. The Congolese that survived probably mostly stayed in Congo. They were also black, so few white people at the time cared (they should, but in the 1800s didn’t) and few other people knew (they should but in the 1800s didn’t). 
The Holocaust in Europe happened to a very educated people (not judging, just stating a fact) of the which most survivers migrated to Israel and North America which means they talked and talked about it but not just among themselves but on radio in the USA, on movies like Schindler’s List and set museums not in Congo but in New York and established a state called Israel that made it a policy to spread awareness of the Holocaust. The Jews are also a people that are central to world affairs and always have been – again, just stating a fact without judgement (that’s true in science, politics, and many other areas). 
Therefore it’s not just an arbitrary or a racist fact, but the differences in both tragedies, that made the Congolese genocide (and many others) be forgotten and the one perpetrated to the Jews remembered. 
Compare that to Darfour, in the 2000s and yes, a lot more people know and have heard of such a genocide. So it is not just race, it is also time and place that determined memorability. Arron Frazier 
Your comment about whites calling themselves Jews being educated is attempted back hand slap at African people being unintelligent which is typical propaganda of white supremacist. First of the so-called Holocaust was plain and simple white on white crime and violence. The whites of Europe WW2 and back to the start of the Catholic Church committed alot crime violence and killing against each. It was constant warring disputes and etc. They where always trying to rule over each other or trying to rule of thew world know at that time. African people had nothing to do with that at all. Second the Congo and Africa have been the economic engine of western civilization since the 1400’s with slavery colonialism imperalism and now Neo-colonialism. Third your notion whites calling themselves Jews are and have always been central to world affairs is a lie. They are central today because of white supremacy leaving Europe in the 1400’s with slavery colonialism and imperailism. Whites calling themselves Jews where right in the middle of everything and in many cases controlling and leading things. Prior to that whites calling themselves Jews have been central to the affairs of empires civilization and peoples of the America’s Africa and Asia. They had nothing to do with the Aztec Incas Olmecs Mayans and varies tribes and nations of North America. They had nothing to do with Africa with ancient Egypt Nubia Ethopia Great Zimbabwe Congo empires Ashanti Zulus Nok and etc. They had nothing to do with Asia with the Chinese dynasties civilization empire nor the Japanese India Anka Wat and etc. What happen in Europe was nothing more than white or white crime which was common practice among whites WW2 going back over a 1000 years. Naten Vos 
But this genocide was not forgotten at the time itself. English journalists documented this genocide at the time which forced Leopold II to sell his colony to Belgium. So it’s not true that there was no press and no information. Of course it is true that information was much more limited than now or than information of Europe during WOII. It is ‘forgotten’ or less known now maybe because our interest is fading. And that is a sad thing. Btw: David Van Reybrouck wrote a history on Congo. Interesting read, also available in english. sabelmouse 
the holocaust had films, photos, super documentation. would that we had the same regarding colonial misdeeds, slave ships, and plantations. maybe people would pay more attention. i do often link pics from india during the late victorian holocausts, people being starved, and worked to death by the british empire. junktex 
And then there’s the Holodomor.Bolsheviks illed over 10 million Ukrainians.One might research the ethnicity of most of the Bolsheviks. Stefaan Van Damme 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS_TbWbqkSU Pooua 
The first few paragraphs do little more than harangue the reader and our educational system for not being familiar with an obscure king of a tiny European country more than a century ago who did horrible things in one of the most remote and impoverished parts of Africa. This is despite the fact that of the hundreds of nations that have existed in this world, many have done truly horrible things, but our educational system can barely cover our own country, with little mention beyond about a half-dozen others. Just how broad and deep do you think our educational system ought to cover world and human events? Speaking of which, what was the Ottoman Empire doing at the same time as this king? Irina Godunko 
You don’t have to go that far in history to see what “Caucasians” did and doing in the richest continent on Earth. Just watch “Power Principal” on Youtube. Robert Ede 
what about the mohammedan slave trade of Africans for Labour and of White women for sex slaves? tom 
The west didn’t erase anything from history. I and my siblings grew up in the Netherlands on the border with Belguim and some were educated in the Netherlands and others in Belgium, in both countries this subject together with other colonial subjects (Indonesia, Suriname etc.) is a big part of the history curriculum. Simone Lisa 
Wonder why he is suddenly of interest, precisely Belgian. TecumsehUnfaced 
Did you know that Leopold’s main man in the Congo, Emile Francqui, was a good friend of Herbert Hoover? They met in China, while taking turns looting the Chinese. Francqui also help Hoover run the the Belgian Relief con game to keep Germany fed and fighting. They both had their bankster links. Hoover was brought back to th e States to play patsy in the bankster engineered 1929 crash. David Acosta Juan 
“European capitalist monarchs” Dude, capitalism is an economic system that, by its very nature, goes against slavery, oppression, and even against monarchy. Capitalism is about freedom: without freedom there’s no free-market, and without free-market there’s no capitalism. Do yourself a favor a identify the right enemy: the State. Leopold was no capitalist: he was an arrogant aristocratic despot in charge of a colonialist state. TecumsehUnfaced",1