1. Security & counter-terrorism 
3. Capacity building 
(Memo to NATO: Can I have that in plain English please?) 
There is another aspect to this Operation Sea Guardian , since the core tasks can also be expanded to include freedom of navigation and interdiction tasks, amongst others. [ Ding ding.. alarm bells are ringing…. “freedom of navigation “ ? Ah, maybe stretching the mission a bit, to denying “freedom of navigation” to certain countries in the future?] As a stated by NATO, the aim of this Operation could change; to be tied in with Operation Sophia. So sometime in the future, it could conveniently include official monitoring of events in Syria & the Russian Navy in the Med. LINK 
So on paper it looks like a well-oiled machine swinging into action, but judging from the tone of the title this Greek newspaper, “ NATO operation starts amid Greek-Turkish tensions “, the reality isn’t so rosy in the Aegean. LINK 
Lastly, Obama will shortly visit Greece. Rumours state that the hidden agenda may include forcing Greece to block Russian warships from port calls. This thorny issue is seen as one of the stumbling blocks for the US & NATO. The Avaaz led campaign whirlwind stopped Spain and Malta from allowing the Russian warships to call in, but not Greece. The Russian foreign ministry replied to the pressures made on Spain & Malta to deny port calls to Russian naval ships. . @mfa_russia 's #Zakharova on the arrival of the #Russian Navy’s aircraft carrier group in the Mediterranean | #Malta https://t.co/G45qg8tErP pic.twitter.com/FIS4a6r5Gv 
— RussianEmbassy Malta (@RusEmbMalta) November 11, 2016 
US & NATO Surveillance 
Standing NATO Maritime Group 2 (SNMG2) appears to be tasked with watching over the Russian navy in the eastern Med. Further to my initial briefing, this includes the Canadian warship- Charlottetown (now in Toulon), Danish warship – Absalon and the Spanish oiler – Cantabria (A15). All have taken turns to watch the Kuznetsov fleet deployment. 
Additionally, a USN P-8A Poseidon plane reportedly took off on the 10th Nov, from the Sigonella airbase in Sicily and monitored the activities of the Russian flotilla off Syria. This is not the first nor will it be the last either that the US Navy snoops on the Russians in the area. LINK 
Once more the German navy’s warship, Braunschweig, (designated as “UN warship” on AIS), patrolling includes taking a cursory peek at the Russian navy off Tartus. F260 is part of UNIFIL in Lebanon. Yet it is an interesting turn of events, since back in October, the Braunschweig seemed to be also keeping an eye on the Russian ship Yantar. To whose benefit was it being done? The UN’s? 

Part 4 – Further afield 
Bab Al Mandeb and Yemen 
The UK has ‘quietly’ deployed one of its latest class of warship , HMS Daring, to keep a watch on merchant shipping off Yemen. This comes after the October missile attacks against an UAE naval ship & 3 US warships on station there. Bab Al Mandeb is known as a maritime chokepoint and is a busy commercial route. LINK 
This ties in nicely to my next topic, the Yantar, since it recently transited this area and so did the UK warship. The Yantar was last reported on AIS as ‘stationary’ in the middle of the Gulf, off Kharg, Iran, quite likely near to the GBICS submarine cable. As previously mentioned last week, it is probably looking for others nations’ ‘taps’ or ASW arrays in the area. 
The Russian Pacific Fleet detachment 
A group of Pacific Fleet ships left Vladivostok for the Indian Ocean on 17 Oct, consisting of the Admiral Tributs (564 ), ASW warship, Bystriy, a destroyer, a tug “Alatau” & oiler “Boris Batuma”. They were in Indonesia at the beginning of November on a goodwill visit . 
It was rumoured that they would head for the Syria, but the latest unconfirmed rumour is that they are on exercise with the Chinese Navy again. 
Chinese visit by Russian Navy CINC 
Last week, the head of the Russian Navy ,Vladimir Korolyov, recently made a working visit to China. link 
This comes on the back of China’s first ever invitation to the Russian Navy to participate in a “joint-military-exercise ” in the South China Sea back in October. 
The visit by the Russian naval CINC , included China’s aircraft carrier the Liaoning during a working visit to China. Russian naval CINC Vladimir Korolyov visits #China 's aircraft carrier the Liaoning during a working visit to China, Nov 5 pic.twitter.com/kbvgz6i1no 
— People's Daily,China (@PDChina) November 8, 2016 
Originally a sister ship of the Kuznetsov, the Varyag, (Riga), was never finished, & was left to Ukraine which then sold it to China. Lately, the Russian CINC met his counterpart ADM Wu Shengli. Link in Chinese 
What the Russian CINC made of the condition and life onboard compared to that of the Kuznetsov is not publicly known, although I suspect a few Russian ‘matros’ would be green with envy though (link to life onboard site). Are the Chinese pulling the leg of the Russians? (Look at the date of the article). Tour the Liaoning here : 
Thank you for your time, 
LeDahu The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95",1