1. No electronic machines! 
2. No central tabulation centers! 
Everyone who votes must have ID to prove they are a US citizen and eligable to vote. Absentee ballots are only given to those who can prove they are unable to vote in person. 
After the voters vote, their finger is marked with ink that takes a week to fade away, to prevent them from voting more than once. 
All voting is done on paper ballots. When the polls close, the precincts hand-count the ballots in full view of witnesses, and verify the accuracy. All paper ballots are to be stored for an entire year after the election. 
The totals for that polling place are posted for all to see and copies provided to all witnesses. 
In the city newspaper the next day, all the totals for all the city precincts are printed, along with totals for the state. This allows everyone to first verify that their precinct totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the city totals for themselves. 
Now, we move up a level! The state newspapers print all the city totals, and again the totals for the state. This allows everyone to first verify that their city totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the state totals for themselves. 
Final level: The national newspapers print all the state totals, and tally up the winners. This allows everyone to first verify that their state totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the national totals for themselves. 
What this does is create a system where there are literally millions of Americans watching and verifying the vote counts from polling place to final totals. Yes, it is a bit slower than the instant-guessing on TV, but that will prevent the corporate media from using ""projections"" to try to discourage voters of unfavored candidates from heading to the polls. There is in fact no law that says the winners of the elections have to be announced immediately, and certainly most Americans are willing to trade speed for accuracy in such an important matter. In the early days of this nation, prior to the telegraph, it would take weeks for the populace to learn who won the elections! 
As I said, this is not a 100% perfect system. It is only as good as the people running it. But it does make stealing elections very difficult and that should always be the design objective of any election system! SHARE THIS ARTICLE WITH YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA",1