1 set of brass scales
Students can also bring an owl, cat or toad. After obtaining what is needed for classes, players were able to attend a potions class, duel with other students in the great hall, and interact in the common rooms. The journey also gives players exclusive information, not previously revealed by Rowling, that includes over 18,000 words of additional content.
However, as of 2015, players on the website were shut out, so it could be overhauled. Unfortunately, most of the fun features were removed. Now, the site is for informational purposes and interaction with class peers. However, visitors are still sorted into houses and matched with a wand.
The Magical Giving Side of J.K. Rowling Rowling dropped off the Forbes billionaire list in 2012, for two reasons; she donated an estimated $160 million to charity and Britain’s high tax rates. Moreover, Rowling’s reputation for bestowing her wealth is insurmountable and causes fans to wonder why she has given so much of her earnings to those in need. Her answer was simple and heartfelt:
I think you have a moral responsibility when you’ve been given far more than you need, to do wise things with it and give intelligently.
Rowling donated to the Multiple Sclerosis Society, the Children’s High-Level Group, now known as Lumos, after the spell of light from her Harry Potter series. She has also helped finance the building of a regenerative neurology clinic, in Scotland. These are a few charities Rowling has helped financially.
Through her books, Rowling brought magical beings and creatures to the imaginations of children and adults, which in turn, allowed her to bring help to those in need through the proceeds. She is the light of inspiration to all of those around her.
By Tracy Blake
Sources:
Pottermore: Pottermore
Mirror: Filming begins on J.K. Rowling’s crime novel The Cuckoo Calling for BBC adaptation
IMDb: J.K. Rowling
Fandom: Supply List
Snopes.com: A popular Internet meme says ‘Harry Potter’ author J.K. Rowling dropped off the Forbes billionaires list because she gave so much money to charity.
Featured and   Jeff Krause’ Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
First Inline Image Courtesy of groundpig.geo’s Flickr Page – Creative Common License
Second Inline Image Courtesy of pammielou’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Third Inline Image Courtesy of until_fullmoon’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Fantastic Beasts , Harry Potter , rowling , spot",1