1 quart-size jar of canned spiced pears , drained (about 3 cups) 3 large eggs 1 1/2 cups of maple syrup 1 1⁄4 cups coconut oil 3 cups gluten-free all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/4 cup walnuts or pecans, coarsely chopped 2 teaspoons vanilla extract Instructions
Preheat oven to 350°. In a large mixing bowl, beat eggs, 2 cups sugar, and oil until blended. Combine flour, salt, and baking soda, and add to egg mixture, stir slowly until blended. Fold in pears, chopped nuts, and vanilla extract. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10-inch Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. 5. Pumpkin Spice Waffles Adding a little pumpkin spice is a surefire way to savor the fall weather (just ask Starbucks!). Working pumpkin into this traditional waffle recipe (and then tweaking to make it healthier) is a great way to make your breakfasts festive for the fall.
Ingredients 
3/4 cup maple syrup 3 tablespoons cornstarch 1-1/4 cup gluten-free all-purpose flour 1-1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon sea salt 2 teaspoon cinnamon 2 teaspoon ginger 1/4 teaspoon cloves 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg 2 large eggs 1 cup 2% milk 1 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and warm Instructions: 
Lightly oil and preheat waffle iron. In a large bowl, combine brown sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl. Whisk together to break apart the cornstarch and blend. Add the remaining dry ingredients, and whisk to blend. Separate eggs: yolks go in a medium sized bowl and whites get set aside in a smaller bowl. In a medium bowl, add pumpkin, milk and egg yolks. Whisk to blend. In a small bowl, whip egg whites with a hand mixer on high until stiff peaks form. Set aside. Pour melted butter into pumpkin mixture. As you pour, whisk to combine. Add the pumpkin mixture to the dry ingredients, and mix together until just combined. Slide the whipped egg whites out of the bowl and onto the mixture you just prepared. Gently fold them in until completely mixed. Once the waffle iron is heated, pour batter and press down until ready – about 3 minutes. Pamela Bofferding is a native Texan who now lives with her husband and sons in New York City. She enjoys hiking, traveling, and playing with her dogs.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 9th, 2016 Pumpkin Spice Waffles Spiced Pear Cake Warm Drinks for the Chilly Season 8 Delicious Things to Make With Pumpkin Guilt-Free Chocolate Fudge Brownies {gluten free and paleo} ",1