10. Know their relentlessness Look at guys such as Eric Rudolph and the Unabomber. They’ll hound you to the very corners of hell, and for decades. When does it end? It never ends…just as your preparations never truly end.
In the type of scenario that we just outlined at the beginning of this article, it ends when we have restored the Constitution of the United States to its primacy as the law of the land. It ends when we can form a government of the people, by the people, and for the people that governs with such a mindset. It ends when we can be safe and secure with our neighbors and our own family members…not having to constantly look over our shoulder to see if “Big Brother” is watching you.
Therefore, in reality, it never ends. Even in times of good, you must always be vigilant that things do not take a turn for the worse and denigrate into what we have now. Nothing is new under the sun. We have seen such times before and we’ll see them again. Prepare yourself mentally and physically for the challenges ahead of you, and keep fighting that good fight…one day at a time. JJ out! 
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army’s survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods.
Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead.
Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 14th, 2016 How Your Guard Dog Security Could Easily Be Compromised ManTracker: How to Be One and How to Avoid One How To Navigate Using the Sun and Stars A Green Beret’s Guide to Improvised Home Defense, Part Land Navigation: Finding Your Way in an Urban Environment… ",1