100 articles on the poor to 1 on the corporate welfare. Come on Michael–I see through your bs. Michael 
Gary you know that I hit Goldman Sachs far harder than I hit the poor. 
Michael Gary2 
I said corporate welfare not just goldman sucks. and no you bash the poor way more than the corporate welfare which is a FAR bigger cost. sharonsj 
Economist Richard Wolff pointed out that over the last 30 years, corporations (along with government) have rigged the system so that they now pay only 25 cents in taxes for each $1 of tax paid by the average citizen. He also said that if people understood how they were being screwed we’d have a second American revolution. Michael 
Yes, I discussed corporate taxation quite a bit in the article I just posted. 
Michael Winston Smith 
True, but that never seems to upset “conservatives”, who benefit a lot from Big Govt/Big Biz.Their answer? Just lower taxes (but not spending) and “get the Govt out of the way”. El Pollo de Oro 
“I call them GC’s three Gs: guns, gold and a getaway plan.”—Gerald Celente 
Michael T. Snyder write: “As economic conditions get even worse in this country, millions more Americans are going to turn to the government for assistance, and at some point, the safety net is going to break.” Yes, and when it does break, God help The Banana Republic of America (formerly the USA). That’s when things are going to get really nasty in this Third World nightmare. I’ve often said that when the going gets tough, the desperate do desperate things. They rob, they steal, they sell drugs, they mug, they carjack, they kidnap. They do all the things that make it so dangerous to live in Caracas, Ciudad Juarez, Port Moresby, Guatemala City, Kingston and a long list of other Third World cities with high rates of violent crime. They collect the dreaded Desperate People Doing Desperate Things Tax (DPDDTT), which is what the wealthy minority end up paying when they’re surrounded by a dirt-poor majority. 
“I don’t think people realize just how evil and what an abomination our country has become.”—Alex Jones 
“America’s not the same place it used to be. And when you look at the decline going on in this country, how anybody can believe that the dollar is going to be a reserve currency is beyond me.”—Gerald Celente 
Not all Third World countries are ultra-dangerous. I’ve visited Morocco, which has a lot of poverty but doesn’t have a lot of violent crime (only a lot of touts trying to sell you a carpet that you don’t need). But I definitely see the BRA moving in the direction of the really violent and dangerous Third World countries, where kidnappings are a way of life and the cops are often in cahoots with the thugs. So if you think Baltimore, Detroit, Philadelphia and St. Louis are bad now, just wait—the worst is yet to come. And rural places aren’t necessarily going to be all that safe either when the you-know-what hits the fan (some small towns in Mexico are extremely dangerous). 
Of course, smart preppers understand all these things. They’re the ones who’ve been listening to Alex Jones, Gerald Celente, Paul Craig Roberts, Gary Johnson and Ron Paul and realize that those guys aren’t alarmists—they’re telling it like it is, and the truth ain’t pretty. 
If you have a gun, I recommend keeping it in a safe, secure place and knowing how to use it. That gun will come in handy when the DPDDTT collectors come a knockin’ here in The Banana Republic of America. William 
The real government “parasites” are actually 90% of all federal workers (GS & WG). These federal employees are grossly OVERPAID, and do little work. It is almost IMPOSSIBLE to fire one of these slackers once they get tenure. My brother-in-law retired as a GS-14. In his last job in Wash DC, he TOOK NEWSPAPERS and MAGAZINES to work to read BECAUSE HE DID NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO DO Most civil service and wage grade federal workers sit around doing very little except for reading their benefits manual. That is a HARD FACT! TX4Life 
Most have tv’s in their offices, paid for by the taxpayer, that they watch several hours a day. No one wants confrontation so they ignore it. Or they let it go because they also watch tv a good portion of the day. Some work other jobs during their required GS/WG hours even though it is prohibited. Again, no one wants confrontation so they look the other way. Some come and go as they please, never listing time off on their weekly time cards as required. At the end of the year, they take most of December off to “use or lose” their accumulated “time off”. It will continue and grow worse because no one is willing to do anything about it. Me 
$50,000 * 0.3 = $15,000 where 0.3 = 30% tax rate. 
$50,000 – $15,000 = $35,000 /12 = $2916 a month. 
$2916. 
Not $4000. $2916. It’s even crazier than you think. By quite a wide margin. 
Add to that I’d love to see you find a rent of $1000 in Los Angeles. Anywhere. 
Try it. 
Minimum is $1400 and that’s if you’re living in hell with a bed that folds up into the wall. 
I’m seriously considering building a cabin on some nice land in the middle of nowhere and buying a 20 year supply of Ramen noodles. I hear you can…“feed” (if it can be called such a thing) yourself on them for $142 a YEAR. Mr. G 
I have known plenty who are parasites. They really do work the system amazingly well. I once worked a charity-related job in a city where I found that people coming from Latin-American countries had welfare forms filled out before they even got on the plane to come here. That’s rotten. 
But it is also rotten that those who really try often can’t get any help at all! That is why I know much welfare is a scam. We should be willing to help those who need it and deserve it. But, we tend to help those who don’t deserve it. 
For example, many poor American kids who can’t read get no special help, while foreign nationals who are going here while their parents get educated or work fancy professional jobs get special English tutors on the tax-payers’ dime. When are we going to wake up and help those we should? 
But never, never turn against helping those who have it coming. This is one reason I cannot even support Republicans anymore. (I never did support Democrats) Too mean-spirited, too many people who have never been down and out! DaytoDay 
Good Article Michael, 
I had to take some time away from the doom and gloom for a while, although, it is impossible to escape it entirely. 
I agree with this article, I know people 1st hand who are on welfare, some in my own family who have been on welfare/govt assistance most of their adult lives. 
I worked at Walmart at one time, and one of the guys I worked with used to be a construction worker and was on welfare for 2yrs before they cut him off, he was receiving $1,000/month while on welfare compared to the $800/month working at Walmart. 
So, I can understand why some people choose to leach off the system “forever”, because it literally pays more to be dependent than independent… 
Stay Strong and Keep Up the Good Work! David Gurney 
New GOP slogan:If you believe in hope,you must be a dope. Mad Max 
The truth is, none of us really have to work hard anymore. Why get mad at the people who discovered that first. Only a sucker wants to work hard. Work is just a modern extension of slavery from ancient times. That’s why people want to become rich. Because they want to be free. Free to do what they want when they please. Only a jaded fool wants to work hard, and only a jaded fool would criticize others that don’t want to kill themselves making someone else’s dream come true. I’d rather spend more time with my family and doing the things I really love to do. Do you think the 1% care about working their butts off, NO! They care about working your butts off. It is the stupid 99% that persist in this nonsense and guess what? You’ve gotten your wish. We behave like slaves then we complain about how we are treated. 
Wake up! 
Read “Common Sense 3.1” at ( http://www.revolution2.osixs.org ) FIGHT THE CAUSE – NOT THE SYMPTOM 
How else can I say this? “We Are Free!” http://WeAreFree.osixs.org John Rambo 
Nevermind that most welfare people are WOMEN. Women bankrupted America. They sucked the system dry with all of their special women’s rights and privledges, and also they drove away all of the big corporations who are afraid of frivilous lawsuits from women. 
American women are sue-happy. They will sue a company or their employer for the stupidest of reasons. So can you really blame the corporations for outsourcing to countries that are not so radical feminist-like? 
American women are the main ones that destroyed America. Feminism destroyed America. 
When are you going to start blaming the real culprits, Michael? When are you going to grow some balls and start speaking the TRUTH, instead of watering it down like a ? Michael 
Michael John Rambo 
Yes but you RARELY call out WOMEN and FEMINISTS as being the main cause behind the economic collapse of America. 
Also, American women destroyed TENS OF MILLIONS of men’s lives FINANCIALLY through the divorce courts. 
So financially destroying TENS OF MILLIONS of men’s lives didn’t help the economy either. 
When are you going to directly expose the WOMEN as the primary culprits behind this collapse? tex 
Joh Rambo? Sure you’re not Rick Santorum out slumming? Gary2 
ive paid into this system that people are using.i personally know of 10 people using the system to get ssi only one is disabled the rest lied to get ssi. you lie and keep saying your depressed my back hurts etc. etc. etc. i read these coments and funny how all these people diserve ssi and none of these people are lieing to get it. give me back my money and i shouldnt have to help strangers with my money i paid into it with,hell i could retire,ive paid into this since i was 15 im 48. if your a man get a dam job and quit faking if you can work period,i know about it taking four to five yr. it didnt stop those bums i know that are on it,dont forget to tell the people here they back pay you all that money did you. sorry what it comes down to is i shouldnt have to support any stranger,i will help me and my family and no one else and that includes food stamps. i get one third of my money taken in taxs and etc. then i spend it and get taxed again,i dont care who you are,i shouldnt have to raise you as if your a child,get a job even if its flippin handburgers-enough is enough 
sorry they taken the comas out and ran the sentences together but youll get the point Gay Veteran 
“…Ever since the “war on poverty” began our debt has absolutely exploded and yet now there are more poor people in this country than ever before….” 
FACTS please? The Federal debt started exploding under Reagan. Michael 
It has been exploding for a long time. Both parties are to blame. 
Michael tom singa 
yes they are all to blame, and until obama debt was increasing slightly which needed to be put under control, , but Obama ,he has doubled the debt himself, period there is no way to argue otherwise Evie 
America is rapidly turning into a European-style socialist welfare state 
The evidence says not! 
I wish we were a european socialist state tex 
or even a Canadian style Conservative one…. tom singa 
well then leave go there and live Gary2 
Michael-ALL estimates are that between 3-5% of the welfare recepients are getting benefits fraudently and gaming the system. While I know focusing on the 3-5% who abuse the system makes for a better headline you are ignoring the 95-97% who get benefits that if they did not get they would die. for the most part literally. 
I know in your ayn rand wet dream that is how you may want the world to be–social darwin like that fool paul ryan but what what a horrible world that would be. 
For the record I do believe that those 3-5% who are abusing the system need to be kicked off and dealt with. Gary2 
How about all the corporate welfare and welfare for the rich? That is WAY more than ANY welfare for the poor. 
Michael–turn off fox, you can do better. Gary2 
49 percent of all Americans live in a home that receives some form of government benefits. 
Because the wall street corporate bailouts put the economy into a recession. You need to finish the tape to the end. 
Michael–stop being sop disingenuinous. you know better. Gary2 
michael–too one sided–what about the corporate parasites??and the rich parasites who own congress? How much extra does the average family pay for those parasites?? 
you have sunk to a new low with this article. 
You are so one sided and incomplete facts I can hardly read this crap. MisterC 
Then haunt some other blog TROLL! Gary2 
nice hypocritical Christian referring to Gods children as parasites. 
I knew all the was nothing but to make people think you are christian. When push comes to shove you are right up there with the libertarian selfish crowd. 
You probably really worship Magog Rhynn 
The only way anybody is going to spend $400 a month on gasoline is if they are riding a motorcycle or simply have no job and nowhere to go and thus couldn’t even afford that $400 a month. 
Even econo-boxes cost close to $60-$70 per full tank on 87 gas where I live. Nobody is going to fill up a car 6 times a month here if they are employed. Try double that. 
Same goes for a $1000 a month rent or mortgage. That will barely get you a single in the worst area of the city. 
One person could not make it under those circumstances. A family of four can completely forget about it, unless they all live in the car and eat out of the 7-11 they park behind. Once you add in insurances, health coverage, car maintenance, etc. you’d have to quadruple that $4000 figure for that size family to even pretend it was comfortable. And that’s only if the $16K figure I mention is net. 
America is a bad punchline now – nothing more. Newton 
It’s not even so much the actual people that really costs us all, but the incredibly innefective and almost inexhaustive amount of bureaucratic “support” personnel for all these“programs”. 
I mean; if you; Michael want to “find a money trail”– follow a single minority mother with 3 kids to 2 different “guys” living in a burb with mom and dad next door – I mean; it’s amazing ! 
These people have individual “caseworkers”– you can’t make this up ! Now; how does the caseworker keep his/her job? get a raise? What a vicious cycle ! 
I’ve been saying for 30 years –” when the percentage rowing the boat equals the percentage riding —- in the boat; the boat; she stops. 
The rowers; they grow weary; but cannot rest as more and more become dependant on them – it is like running a marathon; if you stop at mile 21 for a breather; I GUARANTEE you; you’ll NEVER pick up the pace again. 
It’s just law # 113 of my 200; right behind if you eat more calories than you burn; you’ll gain weight. 
Their days are numbered however; as the rowers; they know how to do things; make things; repair things; the parasites – not so much 
One of these days ( I give it 3-5 years ) we’re gonna find out just who is worth what in this country. Currently we have farmers making 60K and Senators making 160K 
I’m betting – these roles are gonna change! joe 
And what about the government employment sector that overpays millions of lazy so-called workers to either do nothing all day or push meaningless government dripple. This article is a shill for the fat cat rich who are so greedy that they would take social security from people who earned it and benefits from people who truly need it. 
We never hear about the lazy government union parasites in these type of articles because thats what the real parasites who run america want to keep going. 
Even when these government employees were “layed off” they got full pay and benefits and did not have to apply for unemployment like private sector. Always getting some special privilege including the right to a paycheck without working. This amounts to alot of money payed for nothing and far exceeds the amount anyone receiving government benefits gets. 
Are they to work or just fill space and stand around and look stupid. Most of these “jobs” are not necessary but work to keep the corrupt political machine going. 
Government employees are a lazy pack of overpayed,overprivileged spoiled brats who think everything in life should be handed to them on a silver platter. Yet not one word will be uttered against them by their elite masters while these same masters seek to make the lives of those forced onto government benefits more miserable. Another attempt at class warfare. tom singa 
that can’t get fired! James 
The Hard Working American vs. The Government Parasite – that’s a good one. Did it occur to you “hard working” types that what you call “work” is actually as chattel on a slave farm? The Indians would never have understood that a person must continually pay to live on the piece of ground they were born on. So to those of you who think you are more noble for working and the poor are despicable – i say its because of you that the system keeps functioning and so its on your head. If people all thought like me then the system would end tomorrow. But they don’t – so those of you who support it – its your mess so you deal with it and i will take what I can, because no man has the right to demand payment of me to live on the land so I have to take steps to circumvent the crime of what most of the rest of you created and continue to support. And by the way – this disdain for the poor “parasites” is one more psyop your rich masters are running on you to divide the lower and middle classes. nowwthen 
I guess if you try hard enough you can justify your disdain for taking care of yourself. Just throw in some nonsense about “The Indians” and paid work as slavery and all of a sudden you’re smarter than any self-sufficient man or woman and entitled to what you take from them. Timothy Leary’s dead genius now get off your fat and go to work. james 
Look up the term Sheeple on Wikipedia and learn about yourself. James 
So, put otherwise – not only are those of you who have jobs fools – your also morally liable for keeping this mess going. Your not better than, but less than. I am all for taking care of my own needs – but they stole the land and put us in cages and its now illegal to do so. A person has to have satanic blood tickets to do any trade. I curse it and refuse to be a good little obedient slave. so yeah, i will take what they give until the rest of you come to your senses. And remember that disdain for those on the government “dole” will not serve you as your turn is coming. Pray your envious demographic has not demonized the poor by that point so that you are just put in a work camp. Mr. G 
You are so right, James! WE really don’t need so much labor to make the world run – and much of our labor goes to supporting people above us, who want want want. I live happily in a lifestyle from the 1930’s. It is a very full life and I have a great many hobbies and interests which do not require constant outlays of money, though oddly others who do the same things spend constantly and don’t actually DO the things too much anymore. 
I can live like this, why can’t they? And if they want more, fine by me – but they ought to work like dogs to produce their plastic crap, not enslave the little people! Mr. G Jeremy 
Lots of anger in these comments. My suggestion: just log off (I come about once per week), and your blood pressure will drop. starr 
It just makes me sick knowing the economic disaster America is in. I’m 53 years old have worked since i was 14. Unfortunately, the company i worked for 7 years went out of business, which put me on unemployment. Been on it for 8 months, and it’s making me crazy not working. I have alot of skills, put in several applications but no job. The jobs are not there, our government is lying to us. They want to keep us under there control. Wake up America, we need to get rid of the socialism/communism that’s destroying our country!!! mondobeyondo 
Even a maggot has to work its way up the system, to become a worm. 
(Yes, I know. Not funny. Sorry!) Jimbo 
Until our VIP’s start appearing in roadside ditches with bailing wire around their wrists and bullet holes behind their ears every morning, things will continue to get worse bill 
if im not mistaken the system you curse is givin you free food and shelter that you call a cage,at myself and other workers expense,i curse the system also. i have a firm belief that if you can work but refuse to do so for whatever reason like not enough money,dont like that kind of work or whatever,,STARVE and live on the street or woods where ever,why should working men and women support people who are to lazy to work..i believe that part of being a man anyway is supporting you and your family NOT ME SUPPORTING YOUR FAMILY BECAUSE YOU FEEL YOU SHOULDNT HAVE TO WORK your not one of my kids why should i support someone that THINKS hes a man when he wont work Rowell 
Michael, I have to call you out on this statement: “If you live in a very liberal area of the country and you know how to game the system, it is entirely possible to live a comfortable existence without ever working too much at all.” 
Why are you saying that it’s the liberal areas of the country that people take advantage of the system? Aren’t several southern conservative states among the top recipients of government aid for its citizens? Such states as Alabama and Mississippi have extremely high numbers of people on welfare. So, saying that this is a “liberal” problem is just being divisive. Please, keep objective in your reporting; it would lend more credibility to your articles, especially to those of us who are in the middle (like myself) or liberal (like Gary2), and not hard-core conservatives. Michael 
Yes, it is true. There are people gaming the system all over the country. It just happens to be a little easier to do in very liberal areas such as Chicago. 
Michael 
EXCELLENT article. I was waiting for this one! Great job! Nex 
This has been the case for years, just for the longest time no one wanted to notice it. We got hicks in Alabama who live off subsidies from cradle to grave and we got blacks in NY doing the same, just now when economy turned to (thank you mortgages for everyone), it all of the sudden became an issue. 
Stop policing the world or conquer whoever we own money to. Or just default already and lets watch fly. Phoenix 
Great, we’ve seen the problem loud and clear. The solution however is here. This is for open minded free thinkers, those who can envision a different, better world. 
I like how you’re talking solution-oriented instead of problem-oriented. It’s the best way to promote change. 
http://rondetafelbeleid.nl/meritocracy ivan 
As a foreigner living and working in this country, it is sort of strange to watch Americans yell about “socialism” 
“socialist” Norway debt 48% of GDP“socialist” Denmark 49%“socialist” Sweden 37% 
socialist East Germany at unification, some 25% 
United States 69% (not including intra-government debt like medicare and social security) and debt owed by individual states. 
Japan. A cool 208% 
Tell me again how “socialism” is killing america? Gary2 
its because all the low information right wing voters who are easily manilupated by fox. 
Scandavian countries are beating the USA in pretty much every catagory and they are socialist. We need to be much more socialist and drop the self made man crap as its simply a myth. Pauly 
So who is manipulating the left wing voters? Sagacious 
You’re a sad little child thinking he is a man Gary. I agree with Benjik…is this article about you? Are you a government parasite?? I’m thinking yes, yes you are! Brunot 
Let me tell that to my high school educated wife who was a nanny till 23 y/o and now makes $300K a year. She’ll be quite surprised. 
I’m self employed and semi-retired at 48 from a business mowing lawns where I broke a sweat every day. But what do we know, eh? It’s impossible to achieve anything without a govn’t check. What an ignorant statement. tom singa 
oh there you have it a cash based business running under the table not paying his fair share, can you please tell me the name of your lawn care, Id like to report it to the IRS Tim 
Yes I hear that all of the time. But look at the populations of those countries, take Norway for example. Population ~5 million. the US ~311 million. And did you know that Norway is an oil country? Without their oil their economy would probably stagnate. You are comparing apples to oranges my friend and your argument about those countries being better is not looking at all of the factors. Oil country= $$$ Marcus 
We spend less than we earn. Simple as that. Sweden is not an oil country! And we are not socialist, study our economy before ranting please! We are market driven economies with a strong governmental influence. Which is not a problem for most of us, since we consider the government to be our servants, while americans consider the government their enemy. 
Sometimes it feels like America aimed for freedom and ended up with anarchy. And I don´t hate the USA, but I expected more from you. 20 years ago people in Europe dreamed of California, now they dream of The Emirates, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and Canada. Benjik Cherenkov 
This is retarded. Americans should only be so lucky as to have a higher standard of living, better health care for less, better education, more cultural events, more vacations days by at least double, and governments who weren’t in the pockets of the corporations. Gosh what a terrible thing. All this and you get to vote in a parliamentary system where your views might actually be represented instead of co-opted by politicians owned lock, stock, and barrel by the corporate elites. 
Anyone who believes this stupid story deserves the crappy American life they get. Gary2 
Michael–are you listening..your libertarian is just that a dream. tom singa 
spoken like a true piss antt mooch Bob Marshall 
European-style socialism “is exactly what we need now. I am against market fundamentalism. I think this propaganda that government involvement is always bad has been very successful-but also very harmful to our society.” George Soros. 
If you are trying to defend this it is because you are in the 49 % without a doubt!!! tom singa 
a true mooch! Mia 
Typical liberal!! Fox news is the the only channel that make sense and I`m glad I do not believe the fairytale of change the liberal leaders want us to believe. The American Dream is dying because of Marxism. Go ahead, nobody can change you anyway… go sit in your couch get all the free money you want from the govt. You don`t care if the hardworking taxpayers suffer because all you libs care is yourself. Lee 
Do you even know the ideology behind Marxism or the ‘American Dream’? When you find out, come back and explain how it has killed the American Dream. In fact, as a loyal follower of Fox, in your own words, explain the difference between a liberalism and conservitism. 
As shown by your lack of knowledge, I will assume you did not attend college, but if you did how did you pay for it? Use Pell Grants? Student loans? 
Sometimes think before you speak…. TheFulishBastid 
So let me get the logic straight. Most everyone on welfare, snap, medicaid are “gaming” the system. I can quit my job tomorrow, or better yet, be willfully fired. Apply for my “socialist” benefits, and voila, I’m living the high life? Rollin’ in my caddy, wakin’ up at noon, heading down to the store and buying steaks for me and my girl, drinking and smoking to the wee hours of the morn, wake up at 1 in the afternoon and do it all over again, ad infinitum? WHERE DO I SIGN UP?!?! 
Or the other option, we get rid of the “benefits” that these people are living off of and demand that these folks go get jobs that don’t exist? 
I think you shouldn’t quit your day job, though maybe you should go work in a soup kitchen one day and see how well these folks you are blaming for your woes are truly living. tom singa 
Song as your willing to live in a dump, or share a nice home wiht a few others doing he same thing. better yet you can even own that home and charge the “roomies” rent in cash! JF 
I work in Los Angeles (I live 1 hour away-thank God) as a Parole Agent. Many parolees are claiming a mental health ailment (Depression, hearing voices) and then sign up and receive SSI. Usually just below $900.00 dollars per month (many receive “back pay” which can be several thousand $). They also receive housing rental assistance, and EBT food cards. They lounge around all day and then buy alcohol and drugs with the money. This does not include all of the other freeloaders (Hoodrats-girls, having multiple children, illegals etc) who receive the same freebies. Los Angeles is a total mess and California itself is the same. The collapse is gonna be hard, and I see many cities erupting in violence and bloody riots when this occurs. hora 
SSI 900$ you said? well I am 65 retired and disable and get 350$. Now for sure a systems will collapse and very soon. 750$ SS and SSI what I collect I was working and paid taxes. Now when collapse sure a lot will stop get any check free, only real disable and older will keep a own money for was paid for long time, and riot? well that will a end of DEM KKK Party. InYoFace 
Go back to Mexico you are part of the problem Anonymous 
I will say say this… $4000 per month is MORE than enough to support a family of 5 people. 
The problem with most Americans is they are not savvy or frugal. They are poor at micro managing and quite honestly, many suffer from narcissism and addiction. 
Many Americans live their lives ignorant of how their tools work, such as; automobiles, home appliances, computers, clothing, their own bodies. 
If a family of 5 cannot live off of $4000 per month, they might be terrible at management, likely spending heavily on things they do NOT need to survive. Buying in excess of expensive food, luxury items, luxury clothing and accessories, cigarettes, drugs, bars, new automobiles, automobiles with poor gas mileage. 
Of course many Americans are bred in the system to believe that they were not be socially accepted if they do not own new cars, new houses, new clothes, new appliances, worship sports teams… 
The future of many Americans will likely end up as a giant temper tantrum, with riots… followed by scores of military hosing them down and telling them to “shut the fuck up and deal with it.” 
I’m not going to judge people, but it’s the truth, people need to micro manage their lives better, not be lazy and learn how to care for their bodies and their tools. tom singa 
just had a conversation about this, how to cut back, but they cant live without a $120+ cable bill a mo, their landline with internet access, two smart phones at almost 200 a mo, I explain to them even turning up the AC o 81 or 82 during the day and no lower than 78 at night will cut that bill some 40 or more a mo, (they cant sleep if its not set at 70 degrees, My gosh, and these people thing tthey are entitled tto get GOC help! and they do! Jan Honeycutt 
The National Guard requires my husband to have internet access and we have to pay it out of pocket. I coupon constantly, my kids get clearance clothes that are cheaper than Walmart its worth the hunt. We have about 950 a month come in after taxes every other week before taxes 1400, we have honestly needed help before and deserved it, and couldn’t get it. My husband had to have surgery to remove a tumor luckily it wasn’t cancerous, but he was still out of work and our insurance left us with a 1,000 dollar copay. I was in the ICU at the time of his surgery complications from a heart condition, a UTI, and extreme IBS. He ended up going back to work early, we have medical bills coming in everyday despite paying for 2 insurances. Both of our children have asthma, I have several bad health problems, and our daughter has extreme IBS and GERD on top of her asthma. I worked everyday I would now it just isn’t possible and I can’t get a penny of the disability I paid in despite having a non working bladder, heart condition, and epilepsy, while I watch healthy people walk around on it for Fibromyalgia and I even know of one government moocher getting 800 a month because her daughter has dyslexia! On top of that most of these people have never worked or paid a penny into disability! Our daughter has dyslexia and I would rather not manipulate the system to use my daughter as a pay check, these people have no integrity. I will admit we do have to keep our air on 71 at night due to my heart condition if I get too hot my heart rate goes up but blood pressure plummets, I seriously doubt most of the people getting their bills paid have a real need to keep their air low though, they just know they can. My husband works at a factory but he has an education and he is a staff sergeant in the Guard but still we only gross a round 42,000 a yr and one time while he was on orders he didn’t get paid until a week later because of the system being down, we had to use credit cards and ask family for money. My husband only gets 2 sick days a yr I was in the hospital over 10 days last yr. We desperately needed help and because my husband is home now his 3 tours of duty count for nothing and we could not get military aid. We sunk to the ultimate low of applying for food stamps just to get a through a few months and were denied. We get cut out the wazoo to support people who refuse to help themselves, and when we needed help the door was slammed in our face. Now we’re drowning in more debt due to 401k loans and credit cards we had to use during the hard times we were also forced to refinance to an armed interest rate to get by, I really hope it is easy to refinance out of it as we were told, but I doubt it, and we had no choice. Our government is horribly flawed. What this article is saying is that 4,000 a month is before taxes not after if we got half of the taxes we pay monthly we would be fine. Ken Sack 
The problem wouldn’t exist if people lived by the letter and spirit (no freeies from the government)of the law: Thou shalt not steal. Max Power 
Unfortunately, most Americans would rather commit mass suicide than see a single high paid multi-generational government neopot lose their job or pension. 
In the US, there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who have US citizenship — but who are banned from the workforce by law, statute and regulation. Each person in this situation costs the government at multiple levels millions of dollars. 
Possibly up to 5% of the US debt burden at all levels is exacerbated by this problem — and nepotism, favoritism and cronyism do the rest… 
Anyway, here is an example of a Canadian with US Citizenship but banned from any kind of employment due to their nationality. Max Power 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Australian-marry-preg/ Brunot 
Scandinavian countries can do ok with socialism because of their high functioning populace. They’re smarter and have a better culture in terms of work ethic, norms about work, etc, on average. They also live in tiny homes and drive tiny cars to achieve some of this “prosperity”. They also don’t have much military spending, which is why they were conquered in a few weeks the last time anyone tried. A uniform ethnic makeup has helped with cultural issues of socialism as well, though this is changing. 
There is also something to be said for the way socialist programs are administered. It wouldn’t be difficult to beat us at that. 
The fact is, before the 60’s welfare state we had virtually no debt problem. That is a FACT. 
We are not Trillions in debt because of free markets and lack of government programs. That is a ridiculous leap of logic. Buckaroo Banzai 
Um, also don’t forget the fact that the Scandinavian countries have been pumping oil (and wealth) out of the North Sea for 30 years now. Norway, especially, is just unbelievably rich from North Sea oil. 
Socialism is real easy to manage when you are pumping stuff out of the ground for $10 and selling it for $100. The monumental bureaucratic waste kind of gets lost in the shuffle of endless free money. John 
Some good comments that ring true, Brunot. NO NATION is greater than the productivity of its citizens. No nation is more moral that the morality of its people. Any nation that believes (and thinks) otherwise is doomed to eventually fail. tom singa 
my reply to them, for them to move to any socialist country they like, ge out go live off some other country and see how that works out for you TheFulishBastid 
lols, what? 
Didn’t appreciate my logic, or just my comment on working a soup kitchen for a day? 
Maybe I should just take Gary2’s approach and call you a ****",1