10. Lack of a Bug Out Plan 
Today, the vast majority of preppers tend to see forests, farms, and small towns as the ultimate bug out location. If you are already in this type of setting, then you may also feel that there is no place else to go. 
If you do not have a viable bug out plan, then you may be at a bigger disadvantage than expected. No matter whether you need to navigate to another rural area, or to a smaller city that has little damage from a large scale crisis, you will have a lot of problems without a well designed bug out plan. 
Here are some things that you should at least have on hand in case you need to leave your bug in location: A bug out bag that includes a complete navigation kit. Maps and other materials that can help you get from one place to another as quickly and safely as possible. Some means of transport other than a motor vehicle and a cart for carrying your bug out supplies. A radio and means of communication so that you can always know what is going on in the area you are about to enter. From military patrols to roving bands of thieves, you are best served by knowing where the highest risks are so that you can skirt around these areas instead of going through them. 
Before a crisis hits, it is very important to have reliable sources of information. This goes well beyond how to carry out certain tasks or manage any given project. Rather, you will need real-time information from people in areas you intend to enter. 
This includes information on the nature of the crisis in the area, how badly it is damaged, and what the biggest threats are. If you need to build a weapon or change your travel plans, it is best to have up to date information that will help you make the best decisions. 
Invariably, there is nothing like trusted contacts in the location to tell you what is really going on. 
There is no question that many people see a return to nature or homestead farming as the ultimate form of prepping. 
On the other hand, a nuclear bomb in the right place, a hurricane, tornado, or even an earthquake can make all your hard work go to waste. 
These are just a few reasons why you need to consider more than basic survival when planning for rural area bugging in. 
At the very least, if you consider the ten points listed in this article, you will have a chance to avoid them, and also use them as a basis for looking into other parts of your bug in plan that might need some additional work. 
To survive you need to learn the lost ways and skills that helped our forefathers survive during harsh times. Click the banner below and learn how to live without our modern days technologies and gadgets. 
This article has been written by Carmela Tyrell for Survivopedia. 28 total views, 28 views today",1