1. Gutter Maintenance 
Make sure to take time to clean out your gutters regularly and ensure they haven’t fallen. While you’re working with your gutters, it’s a great time to evaluate your rainwater collection system . 
2. Fix the Grade 
Check the level of the soil around your cellar. You want it to be at its highest around the perimeter. That way water runs away from your cellar instead of down into it. 
If you need to, you can add additional soil around your cellar. Then, use a rake and shovel to slope it away from your structure. 
For a more permanent solution, you can make a retaining wall and then regrade around it. Video first seen on This Old House . 
3. Remove Overgrown Greenery 
The roots of trees can reach a long way. If you have any planted too close to your cellar, their roots can cause problems. Bushes, shrubs, and other plants that send down massive root structures can cause similar problems. 
Be sure to remove any greenery that threatens your cellar space. You don’t want roots to allow water inside. 
4. Patch Cracks 
Use caulking to fill any small cracks you see in your cellar walls. Even if they aren’t yet letting in moisture, they’re a weak spot that could start leaking in the future. 
Larger cracks will need a little more attention. They may require the insertion of a rubber membrane, additional reinforcement with cement, or a special epoxy. Your exact repair will depend on the location, the material of the wall, and the size of the crack. You might need to bring in an expert to evaluate. 
If your cellar has a cement floor, you can use epoxy to seal small cracks in it. Larger floor cracks may need a cement patch. You can mix up a small amount in a wheelbarrow and use a trowel to pack in the crack and smooth over the top. 
5. Insulate Your Pipes 
Do you have water pipes running through your cellar? If you do, make sure they’re insulated to avoid condensation. 
If your pipes are leaking and you don’t have the material on hand to fix them the proper way, you can make a makeshift patch out of a plastic bottle . 
6. Apply Waterproof Sealant 
You can purchase special sealant at home improvement stores designed to keep the water away. Many varieties go on just like paint, though you’ll need a sturdy brush to apply it to cement. A coat of this will help keep your cellar dry. Video first seen on Today’s Homeowner . 
7. Put Plastic Down 
Is your unfinished cellar’s floor made of dirt or gravel? Moisture can easily seep up through these materials. Consider lining your floor with thick plastic vapor barrier. 
8. Insulate 
Insulation will help produce interior condensation. If your walls aren’t insulated, the temperature change between inside and out can cause water droplets to form. 
Be sure your insulation is designed for foundation walls. Foil-backed or foam based insulation materials are common in cellars. 
Depending on building regulations in your area, you may need to cover the insulation with a fire barrier. Thin drywall is acceptable in many areas. 
Removing Moisture from a Wet Cellar 
If excess moisture has already reached your cellar, the above steps can help prevent future problems. By keeping future water from getting in, you’ll help improve the conditions in your cellar. However, you will also have to address the moisture problem. To get rid of excess moisture you can: Air Out the Space 
Open the windows and use a fan to help circulate the air. A dehumidifier will also help suck the moisture out. Remove Mold or Mildew Damaged Items 
If your cellar has mold or mildew, you need to get rid of the items effected if they can’t be properly cleaned. This will help remove the odor and built up moisture from your space as well. Install a French Drain and a Sump Pump 
If your cellar continues to have water problems even after taking corrective measures, it might be time to install a French drain and a sump pump. This interior drainage system will help channel the water where you want it to go. 
This involves digging a trench as close to the wall as possible around the inside perimeter of your cellar. You’ll then put down connected pipe that slopes to your water collection pit. Inside this pit is a sump pump. 
The sump pump will then pump the water out of your cellar and out to a spot away from your foundation. When the pipes are all connected, you’ll cover it with gravel and then pour more concrete on top. You’ll leave the sump pump accessible, with an air-tight lid, in case it needs repair in the future. 
This is a more involved DIY project, but it’s possible to do without calling in a professional. Video first seen on gregkieslich . 
Have you ever dealt with a leaky cellar? What other tips can you share for preventing the problem or taking care of moisture in your cellar? Were you successful in drying it out, or are you still dealing with moisture? 
Click the banner below to find out how our ancestors use to deal with the challenge of storing the food safely for long term survival! 
  Lisa Tanner for Survivopedia. 8 total views, 8 views today",1