1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton’s secret server on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is “likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, “barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton’s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information have been taken from it. 
It is also being reported that the Department of Justice tried unsuccessfully to stop the investigation into the Clinton Foundation. 
At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as “a civil war”. The Department of Justice is obviously extremely pro-Clinton, and meanwhile over at the FBI many agents consider Hillary Clinton to be “the antichrist personified” … 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is “the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that “the reason why they’re leaking is they’re pro-Trump.” 
The agent called the bureau “Trumplandia”, with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party’s national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
Perhaps if Hillary Clinton had not made it a habit to regularly cuss out Secret Service agents and other law enforcement personnel over the past several decades she would have more friends in the FBI. 
To a certain extent, this is simply a case of the chickens coming home to roost. 
And at this point, even some of Hillary’s biggest supporters in the media are turning on her. Just consider what Chris Matthews of CNBC is saying about her… 
“You know what I think? I’m going to be more judgmental than Beth who’s a straight reporter. I’ll make a judgment. Every time I watch a politician engage in a certain pattern of behavior before they go to the White House, they continue to engage in that pattern afterwards. People don’t change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you’re getting this as part of the package, because that’s been their pattern. “ 
Voting has already begun in most states, and Americans are facing a historic choice. 
If they choose to elect the most wicked politician of this generation despite everything that has been revealed about her, I think that will speak volumes about where we stand as a nation. 
Our leaders in Washington D.C. reflect who we are as a country. If if we willingly send Hillary Clinton to the White House, the truth is that we will fully deserve everything that happens to us afterwards. November 3rd, 2016 | Tags: Clinton , Election , Election 2016 , Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton Charged , Hillary Clinton Indicted , Pain , Painful , Stomach , Stomach Churning , Tightened Up | Category: Commentary If Donald Trump Wins, He Will Be 70 Years, 7 Months And 7 Days Old On His First Full Day In Office »",1