13 No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven—the Son of Man. 14 Just as Moses lifted up the snake in the wilderness, so the Son of Man must be lifted up,15 that everyone who believes may have eternal life in him .”

Jesus is referring to an episode in the Book of Numbers (21:8) in which the Israelites “Make thee a fiery serpent (literally, a seraph), and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live”.
Moses and the Nehushtan, Salisbury Cathedral.
The serpent lifted on a pole is called the Nehushtan , meaning the Brazen Serpent or Fiery Serpent. This last definition is mind blowing, as the Jewish Encyclopedia states Seraph means “fiery flying serpent”. The Nehushtan is the device (‘sign’, ‘symbol’, ‘seal’, ‘tool’, ‘appliance’), symbol or logo of the Seraphim! Jesus is referring us directly to it as the means to attain eternal life! A moment before he told us that LOVE was the key to eternal life. Oh wait. I get it! The serpent on the pole symbolizes the cosmic love within us that arises when we follow the commandments to “love with all our heart and love our neighbor as our self”!
THE HOLY FORCE For me, this is a ‘proof’ or confirmation that Jesus was demonstrating the light body secrets of the angels, specifically the Seraphim. Again, transformation into a Seraph / Rainbow Light Body is the same as being Born Again.
In some Christian movements (especially Fundamentalism and Evangelicalism), to be born again is to undergo a “spiritual rebirth”, or a regeneration of the human spirit from the Holy Spirit. As Jesus tells us John 3:3, no one can enter the Kingdom of Heaven unless they are in their born again body.
The earthly body is born of flesh. The Born Again Resurrection Rainbow Body is born of a spirit, a higher vibration. That holy spirit is love. True love.
Interestingly, the Greek for again also means from above, suggesting that the power or spirit of regeneration comes from above…in in the stars, in the higher worlds. This means our Rainbow Body comes from and exists in a higher realm or in the stars, as the Tibetans teach.
In Christian terms, being born again is the result of a secret act of regeneration (love) by God. A mysterious power or force, the Holy Spirit, transforms our flesh and blood existence in to spirit-filled body and state of being.
The serpent on a pole is a symbol for the regeneration into a spirit body of the Seraphim. Again, they are considered the beings of highest love.
The power of regeneration is found in the prophecy of Ezekiel:
A new heart I will give you, and a new spirit I will put within you ; and I will take out of your flesh the heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh. And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes and be careful to observe my ordinances . (Ezek. 36:26–27)
Ezekiel is telling us that regeneration affects us as whole persons. EVERY part of our being — body, mind and spirit — is affected: “If any one is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has passed away, behold, the new has come ” (2 Cor. 5:17).
The new Rainbow Body of Light, that is.
Being “born again” is nothing less than receiving the actual body of Christ after his Resurrection and Ascension — the body of a Seraph or a Rainbow Light Body. In order to ‘attain’ it, Christianity teaches that his Holy Spirit actually enters us and brings our spirit (and its light body) to life. Our spirit is joined with Him” ( 1 Corinthians 6:17 ). We then become one with the perfect One. “It is no longer I who live, but Christ lives in me”(Galations 2:20).
The mystery of being born again into the Light Body is now revealed, “that is, the mystery which has been hidden from the past ages and generations which is Christ in you, the hope of glory” ( Colossians 1:26,27 ).
The Holy Spirit that transforms us and “makes us new” is ever-present, but invisible in the life and teaching of Jesus. I hope this blog has shown that the “born again” body this spirit produces is the same as the Rainbow Body of Light and the body of the Seraphim. Jesus’s teaching about his light body is also ever present, and with this understanding, hopeful more visible.
Jesus compares the mysterious force that regenerates us with the wind: Jesus says, “The wind blows where it wills, and you hear the sound of it, but you do not know whence it comes or whither it goes; so it is with every one who is born of the Spirit” (John 3:8).
The Bible says that things which are visible are temporary but things which are invisible are eternal (see 2 Corinthians 4:18 ).
In other words, those with born again bodies are living in the eternal everywhere, everywhen and at one with God. This is how the Tibetans define the Oneness of the Rainbow Body state of being.
The Essenes were great scholars, researchers and practitioners of the most advanced spiritual teaching on earth. They said it came from the angels. It matches the Tibetan light body teaching they said came from the stars, meaning it is a universal teaching. It is my hope that my linking the Essene Perfect Way, the Tibetan Great Perfection and the Christian Born Again traditions is received today in the spirit of love and unity with which the Essenes received it two thousand years ago. Then, as now, the promise is the same. When we live from our light bodies we become a new being, a born again being in the here and (or the here and new). We live a life like those of the Seraphim, the Essenes and Christ. Filled with the supernatural power of the Holy Spirit we are able to do the same things they could do.
I am thankful, once again, for the winds of Hurricane Matthew and the thunder of John Van Auken and Edgar Cayce that blew this understanding my way.
William Henry is a Nashville-based author, investigative mythologist, and TV presenter. He is an internationally recognized authority on human spiritual potential, transformation and ascension. 
Source: William Henry 
",1