10:25 a.m. 
Hillary Clinton is departing on a multi-stop swing of the presidential battleground states on the day before the election. She’s telling reporters that ‘‘we’re just going to work until the last vote is counted.’’ 
Clinton said Monday that while she thinks she has ‘‘some work to do to bring the country together,’’ she wants to be the president for those who vote for her and those who don’t. She was speaking to reporters at an airport outside New York City. 
Clinton said she has ‘‘a big agenda ahead of us’’ and is vowing to ‘‘get a lot done’’ if she defeats Republican Donald Trump. 
The Democratic presidential nominee was campaigning in Pittsburgh; Grand Rapids, Michigan; Philadelphia and Raleigh, North Carolina. 
___ 
8:55 a.m. 
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he doesn’t know if the George Washington Bridge lane closure controversy cost him the vice presidential nomination. 
Christie said Monday on ‘‘CBS This Morning’’ that he was runner-up to be Republican Donald Trump’s vice presidential pick. He denied a report that Trump had offered him the job, then rescinded it. He said he thinks Trump thought Indian governor Mike Pence was the better choice. 
Two of Christie’s former allies were convicted Friday for their role in re-aligning access lanes to the bridge in a political revenge plot against a Democratic mayor who didn’t endorse him. 
Christie says he thinks Trump will defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton Tuesday because the momentum is on his side and the country wants change. 
___ 
8:35 a.m. 
Ohio Democrats want the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene in their voter intimidation lawsuit in the swing state. 
The party has filed an emergency request for the nation’s high court to lift a Cincinnati-based federal appeals court order. That ruling Sunday granted the Donald Trump campaign’s request to block a federal judge’s restraining order Democrats said was needed to prevent voter intimidation. 
A 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals three-judge panel said Ohio Democrats didn’t show ‘‘a likelihood of success’’ on their case’s merits. 
The party told the U.S. Supreme Court the appellate judges ruled without reviewing ‘‘critical evidence’’ a lower court judge relied on in ruling that anyone engaging in intimidation or harassment inside or near polling places would face contempt of court charges. 
___ 
7:35 a.m. 
Donald Trump’s campaign manager says it’s not true that his staff has stopped him from tweeting. 
Trump has exhibited unusual restraint on social media in the final days of the campaign. The New York Times reported on Sunday that aides ‘‘have finally wrested away’’ his Twitter account. 
President Barack Obama seized on the report at a voter rally in Florida, telling the crowd that anyone who can’t be trusted with a Twitter account shouldn’t be trusted with control of the America’s nuclear weapons. 
When asked Monday about the Times report by NBC’s ‘‘Today Show,’’ campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said: ‘‘No, it’s not true.’’ 
___ 
3:15 a.m. 
With the cloud of an FBI investigation lifted, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump struck strikingly different tones as they moved into the final hours of a volatile, nearly two-year-long presidential campaign. 
After days of attacks on Trump’s qualifications and temperament, Clinton cast herself as the candidate of ‘‘healing and reconciliation,’’ perhaps a surprising position for one of the most divisive figures in American politics. Trump, meanwhile, voiced new confidence as he brought his campaign — and his dark visions of a rigged American economic and political system— to longtime Democratic strongholds. 
Overshadowing the flurry of last-minute campaigning was FBI Director James Comey’s latest letter to Congress, informing lawmakers the bureau had found no evidence in its hurried review of newly discovered emails to warrant criminal charges against Clinton.",1